slot0: Yeah. Okay. Who wants to take notes? Me. Well. Okay. Make funny drawings. Thank you. Very interesting start of the meeting. Everyone is looking down, reading. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, exactly But. And I'm being like, I dunno. Not a native speaker of English, I guess But whatever. Yeah. I'll look at it like when my usual working hours are like. From twelve o'clock till. Three o'clock or something So if you can work outside that and then if you can like. No, actually no. But I'm never on-line in the morning so. Yeah. Well. Yeah, do what you wanna do with it first and then I'll. Yeah. And I'll send it out to you again, sort of, or whatever. We're gonna think about if we wanna change. Goals and stuff. I think one thing that we could probably skip. Totally is the removing things from the audio files. That's. No, I don't think. That's that's too big. Yeah. No. Yeah. But that's definitely one thing we could just remove. Yeah. Yeah. W- we haven't really yeah. Yeah. I- he doesn't have to know exactly how much we've done. I mean yeah, I mean it's not finished, but. It's. Shall we change. Their titles? Shall we I don't know. Think Mike about our things that we had together? Should we. I mean now. Yeah, I mean we have now the you've written it and you have the other But what about the. Remove disagreements. Should we. Just. Yeah, we just keep it together on the the paper. There right now and just see what what? No, not the disagreements. Yeah. Yeah, it might be Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, my intent is to work on these things tomorrow a bit more as well, so I dunno. If you send it in on the afternoon, maybe I can add a few sentences to what I'm done. That is done That is done Hopefully in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. Well I still like struggling with. Java stuff But. Work on it. The thing I was wondering about that is. Haven't looked at it so much, but if. Any one knows how we could do the like from the extract words that you did, like also in in this extract time stamps and. So we can is it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah, so now I can just put it in some. T_ file or something, yeah. What, on the. Okay. Yeah. I'll take a look at that. Yeah. Okay. Option. But it's just like. Figure something out. Okay. We haven't. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, like. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, that's what that's what I think we like. Ok-. We're not really well, I mean. We're not gonna do much more than just look at the. The rem- like the text where we removed these fluences 'Cause we're not gonna search it, and we're not gonna like listen to it. Since we're not doing the audio thing. So so I guess just displaying it is. Right Well anyway, yeah. No. Yeah, sure. It's probably best and do. You said, like just like. Yeah. Yeah. Well I mean. It loses the. Yeah. Yeah. Something else? Maybe asleep Yeah, maybe asleep. I don't know It doesn't matter for me either. Yeah. The feedback. Yeah. Yeah And correct back any like things that I thought was wrong in English or whatever It's like no. Yeah. I read it was like four lines, but I don't. Yeah, twelve thirty. Maru with. Yeah. Yeah.
slot1: No. 'kay. Okay. 'kay Like could take notes this time I guess. I'll take notes this time I guess. Actually I suppose I'll use this. Actually I guess first thing I just sort of did a really. Sorta brief. You know. Version of what we have to do. Actually can I just. Actually for that I was just copying the one straight out of the other document, so it's all. Whatever. Inaccurate and, you know. Yeah, okay. She has she has one Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Well just sort of well the thing is, yeah, we're gonna be touching on all that during the other part for the progress and putting screenshots and all the rest, yeah exactly. Yeah Well it's just something that he had mentioned in the in the previous. Just to sort of have a prototype together and sort of just saying that, you know, we could potentially do that I mean it's not something we have to. Yeah, sure Like the thing is I was thinking even in the stuff that I was doing, I mean just throw the screenshots in there. When you talk about what you're doing, right? Makes sense Yeah, yes Yeah, actually yeah, they have that at the very end, screenshots, but that didn't show up on this page So it's. Not even relevant So. Yeah. Anyways, so so yeah, this is just very general structure I guess from this we can just pop in our little blurbs and. And. Yeah, cool. So I don't know if there's other stuff that you think should be done to this, I could do that before I mail it to you guys. Otherwise. Did someone else wanna throw it together? Actually I can probably still throw it together if you want. Put your parts into into this one. Perfectionist, right? Yeah. Good idea Let's just cut out the middle man. Yeah, that's me. Yeah. Computer on maybe. Yeah. Notice that no one is. Alright. Okay So I'll send it off to you And. Was there anything else we wanted to add to the timeline? I mean essentially was what like f-. You can't see right there Yes. Here's the old one. That's that's origi- this original one. Yeah, yeah, which is just copied straight out. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See d-. Unless we discover some sort of time warp thing, it's not gonna happen. Yeah. Yeah, true. We found there were more important. Yeah. Yeah. Just this and this. Or some of them were a bit later, some of them yeah. Could even yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. More or less, yeah. Yeah. Plus plus or minus three days or two. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's true too, that's true, yeah. Yeah. You don't have any S_P_N_L_P_ assignments due? Really? Are one of those something that you wanna change and delete from our list of expectations? Like should we put a a hint that something like that might happen into the document? Okay, alright. Yeah, I know Yeah. 'Kay Yeah, true Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Okay. I guess we're about it Yeah. Cool. Right. Yep. Well I could probably just copy that straight over the other one as well. That's essentially the same as it was. More detailed specifically. Split those apart? Yeah I think so Yeah, like yeah, in a very file. Exactly. Well if we're skipping the audio one, then that makes it easier. Yeah. Have you taken any more of a look at it? Have you taken any more of a look at it? At the dis- okay, yeah. Okay. We could probably. Don't know if we'll have time to look at that before tomorrow. We could just make it up. Like I'll claim one, you claim the other for the search things, and then we could leave that one as a a joint one. That'd be good. I found finally today something that I can build it in and it I should have something for tomorrow I should you know at least. Very least have a. A gooey. And wire it. I'll be wiring that in hopefully tomorrow morning. So I wanna get something I wanna see this I wanna get it together, have an image in my mind and I just wanna see it. On the thing and then get a nice screen shot. So. Well. Doesn't really matter I mean you can write the sentences first as well. I mean with the the intention that this is done I mean and also. Sometimes it's a bit of a motivating factor too, I mean you write down the words and the ideas and it's, OK I'll do this, I'll do that, it just. Falls together. Yeah. Yeah. There is, but I've. Haven't made a lot of changes to it, so I might just delete what I've done and copy again from yours, 'cause I'm sure you've probably made some changes. Already. So it's Friday? Or it's okay I thought you said th- okay, right, I see. Okay I thought you said that you had written some things that maybe have caused some bugs and that you were gonna fix those on the weekend or something. Okay. Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah, although there's stuff out there that. Actually, I'm gonna try and minimise the amount of changes I make to M_ browser anyways. Shouldn't. Shouldn't be an issue Actually, just to clarify, last week when we were talking about our search results. Like if we have topics as well as transcripts as well as what was the other summaries. Do we want separate result panes? For each of those, or do we want them all in one pane with like an icon or a different colour or something to indicate what type of result they are, so that when they. You know, click on that it's gonna go to the relevant thing. Like just if they. Check all three, say, topics, summaries, baa baa baa, have three different windows come up. Or three, like sub- sub-panes, sort of. What. I thought what we sorta discussed last week was to have it sort of on the same window. So it'll be on the search window, the bottom half of the search window. I don't know if we still wanna keep it that way, but that's that's what I was gonna be working with So so it's just like you click those and it's just loads up, you know, splits that thing into like two or three or whatever it is. One, two or three, depending on which ones you check. And then. So if we wanna do it that way. You know, like it probably doesn't matter too much Just trying to think if there's gonna be any other. Issues down the road depending on what. No, just just panes, just result panes. No, no, no, no, no. So so it's just when we click, you know, topics and summaries for what we wanna search, then it'll, you know, there'll be two result panes. So for one for topics, one for I don't know really tabs. But then you can't see all of them at the same time, and it's just like. Well it's no, but the thing is if you're looking if you check them both, you wanna see all the results. Yeah, exactly, yeah So the summary and the topic and the transcript, yeah. So. Or we could just put them all into one result pane. On that same window and just indicate. Yeah. Yeah, I guess that was the other thing, whether we wanna have this. Re-order by columns and all that, well that's a hassle too. It's a lot of work. Yeah. I think, yeah, probably by meeting makes most sense I mean essentially they're temp you know, in time order, so. Yeah That kinda makes most sense. Yeah. Yeah. Should be an easy no, I don't know actually. Should be fairly easy, I guess. Yeah. Thinking sometimes in a case like that, like I've run across in other languages, just that it's hard to tell what kind of object it was originally, once it's put into like a list box or something. It's hard to tell whether it was a a transcript or whatever, and then if we're highlighting something in a transcript window. It may be difficult to get that information back. Once it's. Just in. A list box, an item in a list box. So. That's that's yeah Whereas if it's coming from. Right. Yeah, yeah It's just. Yeah. Yeah, it's just like from. Past experience I've there's goofy little things that happen and it just doesn't let you save certain things and it's just kind of. Trying to to do a different kind of to go to a different window, so if you wanna go to the actual highlight the transcript or highlight the topic or highlight the summary. At that point that's sorta where it starts getting a little bit tricky, 'cause you're working with an event handler within the one panel or list box or whatever it is. And. So. There are ways around it, but you know, whether I'll be able to figure something out like that 'til before tomorrow, yeah I know. Or delegates or whatever that. And stuff So. Right. So, yeah. I think he was saying that as long as we. Implement that. Interface it should work with anything that we do, like highlighting or you know. I think that was. Who was saying that? Wasn't Jonathan saying something about that? I think it was just like as long as we implement one of these interfaces for this particular type of window we should be able to have that highlighting. Happen. I don't know. Anyways. 'Kay. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. 'Kay, maybe I should. Maybe I should use that as well in my. Yeah. Okay. Why? Okay. Thought we were just going to have that as words, like not even not as X_M_L_, just sort of as a. Was that. What was that. Well, transcript we said no, transcript no, 'cause then we need all the other data if we wanna keep it a transcript, right? Yeah. That's true, yeah Good point. What? Yeah? Okay, then that's then that's not yeah. Yeah, I know. That's sorta what we were thinking before. Actually, but this makes more sense. Yeah. Yeah, if we're gonna do the X_M_L_, then fine That's. As text Yeah. The thing is, like well how would we display it though? Like if we do take the disfluencies out and just, you know, create a text file, take the disfluencies out of the text file and we. Yeah. Unless we extract that out of the file when we create the text file. Yeah, that's true, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They can. Yeah. I was just thinking as well, I mean we could probably even use like X_S_L_T_ to kinda just transform it and. Flip it into a. Just transforms like. Style sheet X_M_L_. Style sheet and then it's kinda like there's usually things built in to well it should be built into Java, I mean, to process. X_M_L_ into. Like it sh- just creates whatever file it's gonna be and. It's been a f- couple years since I've looked into anything like this, but. That might even be an easier way. And then that way we could even pre-process that. Huh I don't know do well we don't wanna have to do that, right? Although I. Apply its typical it's it's typically pretty fast. Really? Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Insane. Actually I was thinking I might try and talk to who is it, Jonathan and Gene, like just to see h- what they what system they use to develop this stuff, 'cause it would be nice to have all the tools there and just like have the object model and just kind of like plug and play with everything and just to actually use a system,. You know, at a higher level rather than kinda, you know, playing around with a little bit of code and modifying their code and doing this and that It'd be nice to just sort of see what they're doing So. I might. Try and contact them see if there's. I dunno. Any other. Hints they could give us. Just to get things. I dunno, moving at a higher level, I guess Just. Seems to be more interesting. To use it as a a real developer would. Just seems like a little tinkering here and there and just adding a couple of things and. Yeah. No, no, it shouldn't be No, it should be higher level It should be. Conceptual and, you know, coming up with the the brilliant ideas and then just. Yeah. Bringing those to reality. Yeah. Yeah. Like the thing that I was thinking there is why. Is it once it's done for a. Yeah, one meeting, it's done, and it's there, it's a file, text file or X_M_L_ or whatever it is, but. Yeah, just. I don't know, it just it doesn't make any difference really either way to me It's like, yeah. If it's fast enough on the fly then sure. That's about the only issue I have with on the fly. Whether it's fast enough. Especially with Java and all this other crap, if it's loading the file. And doing all the rest and. Processing them. Yeah. Right. Whether it runs out of memory. Okay. Right. Like into each section? Yeah, I c-. That does make sense, but maybe at the end maybe just a a point form of, you know, things that. We're still working on, things that we'll do Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know what you mean. Just. It's. Or. Okay. Or or she'll just take she can take it from there. Doesn't matter Or do you want to? Or no? Okay, I c- I can yeah sure, if you wanna send 'em to me, that's fine. Yeah, okay, actually no no no, actually that's a good idea I'll take one quick look over, try and get it as good as I think that we. Okay. Coarser formality. They were changing dialogue back. Hello Jean. 'Kay. I have. 'Kay. Right okay.
slot2: Okay, yep. I think that is fine. Yeah, we could. S- this could be just some a little just. Just d-. Describe some. Screenshots or something. Yeah, you can either have when we can just ignore that later, you can just. Yeah, you can either have the yeah, it says screen shot there and stuff But you can either have screenshots by the thing, each one, or. Have just a bunch of 'em in one section, these ones. Yeah. I've written a topic segmentation one. It should be okay Do we. I think Penelope should do it, yeah. Yeah, exactly She's very. You're gonna tell us we got it wrong anyway. I'm only joking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well just leave your computer on maybe. If you walk down. I actually. Avatar yeah. Yeah. No. It's a good thing to have to say we could what we could have done. If we had more time, good future work thing isn't it, stick in a conclusion, the final report Should've we had more time thing. Yeah. Yeah. Don't think there's enough time. Some things to do without our time and. And worry about. Yeah, that's a good idea Have should have a section for that, yeah. Inverted file on target or something. Yeah. Well. I've only got six days to do the topic segment Jesus. Speaking characterisation. Jesus. Speaking characterisation supposed to be done already. Yeah, two days ago. Give me a week and I'll tell you the answer to that. Maybe the speaker. Characterisation may get slimmer. Probably. We won't disappear wi- yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we won't make it disappear, but we might thin it down a bit. But we might not, you never know, we might have time, depends on how. Topic segmentation with the L_C_ seg and Textiles basically done, just needs to be. Done the co- yeah, tuned, yeah. Search through the parameters, but it's man or something and see what happens. Yeah, pretty much. It's done. How about the underlying. Data for it? For the d- inverted file How's that coming along? It's coming along. Easy, yeah Just. Yeah, well just when he pulls up the segments. Part of that, one of the f- one of the attributes if we do get attributes, call the method get attributes, it returns a list of attributes. Search through those and and then you just you can. That'll tell you what attributes it's got. And then you can either do it. Automatically, or you can just. Hard code and say look, get me the time stamps So you just say. Get attribute and put I think it's I think the method's called get attribute. This is called start time and end time. And that'll tell you the start times and end times. I think it returns a double. Yeah, that's on the the n- the c- the nom right. The c- c- the the object is a nom right element, I think. That should turn you right in. Alright. Have th-. You confused me Do you have. Three separate windows for the three separate different types of results? Okay, not not three different okay. Yep. Or tabs, yeah. Yeah, yeah, three pages.  Or a NITE text pane or something, is it? Is it? Text area or something, something like that, yeah. N- text a- mostly things are called NOM, yeah. NITE object model? Think. NITE object model, I think that's what I'm doing. But the. The. Removing the disfluencies, have you done anything with that yet? Anybody? 'Cause. I was wondering how we're gonna. Write it back to H_T_M_L_ I mean X_M_L_ if we take if we did the processing. Writing it back to X_M_L_. Block of text. Text file. It will very much limit what you can do with it if it's not in X_M_L_ format. There is some bizarre method that puts things back into X_M_L_ format. Select what we want, just take bits of the X_M_L_, take only take certain segments. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Certain segments, okay Yeah yeah Alright. Okay, that. Says something different there, that's what. It's been written to a written to a file in directory structure would ever be done, but that will mean that you can only do things on actually no, 'cause you can do things on word level. So yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but it would. It would just be a blob, like a summary, it won't look like it won't say speaker X_ says this, speaker Y_ says that, speaker Z_ says this and. Yeah, then it will look ugly probably, 'cause it will look just black and white. Unless you wanna start colouring. No no I don't think it's I think it's true. Does it on the fly anyway, doesn't it? So. So then it just goes through and says if this word equals that, don't print. Just a bunch of if statements. Yeah, you probably could actually That's probably that's probably not that much more difficult, you just thin- fatten the code out a bit. Be the same thing. Yeah. I like it. Shouldn't I? It's just there there'd just be if statements, wouldn't they? If statements. Low-level if statements. That's. I wouldn't wanna. Have to put it take put it back into X_M_L_ with Java Even trying to read it in X_M_L_ with Java was complicated enough. I gave up to it and that complete- volt it back to NITE stuff, 'cause it was much much much easier. So if we can do it with NITE stuff, do it with NITE stuff I think Otherwise it can always. Java trying to do it, it was just so complicated, it was ridiculous. Believe it. Have to start defining object models like the NITE thing and getting. All bizarre. Weird things I really was mad. Bet you will we. Yeah, it's all it's s- it's after it's loaded it. Just a it's just a for loop really It's really fine, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I included the future work in my own section, but. I just said I said what I've done so far and what I'm gonna do. And some pro- some issues And then it was. You'll lose the. Might lose a bit of continuity if you do that though, yeah, that's what I was thinking Sometimes it's easier to have the top i- in its own introductions, if you sort of know what I mean So you talk about speaker characters and see what you've done and. Goals or something, something like bullet pu- bullet bullet points. Yeah, because if you have a discursive thing here and then another discursive thing there, it. If they're all together you lose a lot of the the continuity, yeah. Button, yeah. She'll stick it together and she'll sign it. Yeah. Abroad. If that is alright, yeah That much of a.
slot3: Yeah. Done one. Is he it? That's it? Cool. I'm not sure. If we need the outline of the prototype I mean, what what are we gonna put into the one? Yeah, because I mean that's basically what we're doing here, isn't it, the whole. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well, I mean it's up to you if you wanna keep going with that I'm happy to do some as well I have lots of time tonight. And then I'll we'll send it to you and you can do the final review. I know, you're always on-line. It always make me feel bad, because when I go to bed at like one, you're still on-line. You never go to bed. Yeah, you pretend Always busy, yeah right. So maybe. So. Yeah. There's more. I see. This is the one that okay. That's what I thought as well I mean do we are we are we actually gonna attempt that? I don't think so either Yeah. Think that's gonna be a b- we don't even know how to approach that at the moment, I think. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, that's right. So maybe I mean we we should we should definitely Well, we could probably not put it under this heading, but put it under changes since the initial specification. And say. We didn't. Decided the the. Time was too too long. Yeah, something like that. We prefer to concentrate on the main thing. And I think we should probably comment explicitly on the milestones here as well, and say we managed to do. M- meet these milestones. Yeah. Develop prototype Gobi, we we know we we manage that. Nicely. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, put it put it good. And you can say, yeah. We're say we're still aiming for the. Development to be complete on the march rates or something. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. That's right I I really wanna do it I mean it's not. It's not gonna be difficult If at least have all the information pop up that is already in the meta-data file. That's gonna be no work at all. So it's definitely gonna be something there. Yeah, they might turn out easier than. Yeah, sounds good. Okay. We should probably. Sorry, we should probably do another responsibility of packages as well. That's what he hinted that we should also indicate who who is responsible for what. From now on. Or you could put you know. I dunno. So. Have you managed any further on the search thing, or. Right. That sounds. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So is there did you have you made another M_ browser? Is there something that I should. Not since you looked at it last. No. But I will tonight That's the plan. No. After the weekend. Weekend was out. Yeah, yeah. Well, at the moment is there. At the moment, is there a window that comes up? Or is there a a second result pane? Or is there you know, does this window get larger? What's the. What are you thinking? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, three. Yeah. I quite like the idea of a tab in that case. But you wouldn't want to compare the result the topic one topic result with one summary result, would you? Actually, yeah Especially if you get s-. If you get results for the same meeting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. Yeah. I mean we could we could order them by meeting, for example. How to order them. Yeah, well I mean if you know, that's y- even the second step, the first question is do we want to order them How do we wanna order them in the first place? Yeah. Yeah, maybe we should do that. Yeah. Why don't you just. Colour code those. The results to. No, but if you. If you if you do it. Straight from, you know, you get you get the result and then there's a some if statement saying s- straight on the, you know, rock bottom le- level saying if th- if you found a segment then. Colour it. Print it in red or what not. As opposed to. Alright. F-. Well, have a look. Yeah, yeah, I can imagine. I see, yeah. You have to use actions. Yeah, I mean at the moment it works. It works with highlighting in in the transcript window, doesn't it? So. What do you mean it should work with anythi-. Yeah, I mean the whole. What fills the transcription box and all of these boxes is a special sort of pane,. Made by NI, so I'm not sure what it's called now,. Some. I don't know what it's called. And that comes with a whole load of highlighting extras as well As I said, you know, if you if you left-click on something, for example, it highlights automatically. So maybe it comes with something clever as well. Yeah. No, I'm sure it's got pain in it. Nite. I don't know Yeah, something like that Might yeah. Noun text areas, alright. Yeah, why it wants a noun anyway. Nite. Okay. Yeah, that's true. Why do why do we want it in X_M_L_ though? I mean I thought we'd we'd just selectively selectively write the X_M_L_ that we've got. So as as opposed to. Yeah. Yeah, only only print out certain certain segments, the segments that we want, just selectively At the moment it prints out all of them We'll just put an if loop in it that leaves out some of the print statements. Not not store it at all whatsoever. Right. Yeah, yeah, you don't really need to do much more with it, yeah, that's right. I don't think. It's gonna take long to to produce anyway, it's just another. I mean these meetings are not endlessly long, it's just words and to print all of them out selectively. Yeah. Yeah. You could nearly do it together with. With the transcription, with the original transcription, have them run parallel. So if a certain you know, if it's a proper word. Print it on both both panes, and if it's not a proper word then print it only on one But. I mean that's that's, you know, fancy, but. But. Yeah. Yeah. But then. You know, the the. The good way of doing it. Not together is that you if someone doesn't wanna look at the. The. You know, the chop file, then you don't ever have to produce it. And so. But I mean you can you know, you can write we can. Write something like we'll try and do it on the fly and. And observe if if that gonna is gonna take too long If it's gonna take too long, well think about writing it to. A file. Doing it off-line. Right. Yeah. That's what programming is all about, I'm afraid. Yeah. Maybe that's the higher people. Well, I mean. Yeah, why don't you put both of both of those ideas in into that. That paragraph and say,. Have a look at both or something. If you wanna do it. I I personally don't wanna mess with writing files or anything at the moment I wanna do it superficially. Yeah. Yeah. It has already loaded anyway. No. So shall we all write a letter or two about future work as well? A work to. Right. Yeah, well maybe you could. Maybe you could split that up and. Yeah, like here is what we've done already and then, you know, down here. Maybe. Yeah, that's right Yeah Yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe it's a good idea. Sounds good. Anything else anyone want to talk about? We all have sleep, haven't we? It's out. Phone. We're all still writing our some are sending them to you, you send it on to the. Our kind, yeah. What? Yeah. And send it on to us so that we can nod. Yeah. No. Okay. Yeah I haven't used my pen.