slot0: Oops. Does it squeeze in like that? Yep. 'Kay. Yep. It's going It was a given. Okay. Excellent. Okay, great. It just said the same thing as he just said to us. Dick. So how we getting along? I wanted to talk about that actually. The speak the data. The the the GUI for it. No, not really If some if you wanna do that, then. Then. Tell me how you want the data presented. How they 'cause do you want me to tell you we got 'cause at the moment the the the the is I've created two. Classes, one that represents speakers, one that represents the meetings. And the meet and the information about both is contained within each object, so and then they wri- writes objects, and the objects contain all the information about the meetings. And speakers, so the the who the speakers that are at the meetings and the amount they speak, and then the averages are contained with the. Speakers, so there's two separate classes, you see. And they're they're two different objects, and you can re- call they can write the writes the objects, and then you call the objects back, and they - those returned objects have all the information. That they need, and then you can call methods to return whatever you want. Or everything, but that's why I wanted to know how h- what's the easiest way to have the data. Yes, basically all. Compatibled, yeah yeah. And all stored as objects, so dot object files. Which means that you just re- call the NLP constructor and call the load. And call it that and you can create a list of them or a vector of them or whatever you wanna do with it. And then or just call 'em one at a time to populate a window But. That's what I wanted to know, how how what format do you want the data to come back in? 'Cause it can come back as almost anything you want. What's easiest to display and work with? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, c- you could. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah So. So I can have it so that it returns you a, as at the moment the main data structures are. Hash tables for the meetings that say. It's got one that says percent is called percent talk. One is percent noise and one is percent participation. So and then it's got inside it's got a link, it's got a. It's got the speaker's name. And then it's got their percentage for that thing. So it can either come back as a- you can have the hash table or you can have it returned as a vector, and it will say. Noise. Just as strings, noise,. X_ percent. Say a vector that's I don't know whatever, w-. You can either have a. You can either have a you could have a like an embedded v- vector or array of strings and each one represents one person or. Whatever What the what the easiest thing to do how how you wanna display it? Yeah, exactly. Okay. Yeah. So that's. The ca- how did we. Speaker. Speaker speaker is the controlling. Thing, not yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah So all of this all that's calculated as well, stored as speaker objects. Yeah, that's that's easy. Something quite amusing actually, the. Influences I lived in Germany for six months, don't know if that had any effect, spent too much time talking to Brits That was just some bizarre things Where do these people come from? So then do all that's calculated as well, all after this to get the dialogue act- I don't think that'd be difficult. So then does this how does is how is this box populated? Is it populated by the one present or the one highlighted? One present, okay. At the moment I'm using there is there are methods that say. F- the full are using for other talk starts, and it says like get get talk time. And you and you takes a name So that. That would call that and call the meetings method that said return that, and that would populate that, which would be an easy thing to do. And the same for that. Meetings. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah, that would be easy as well, yeah. Yeah, okay So I'll just leave in lots of methods that's that'll just return one number at a time. That'll be the easiest way to do, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Yep. Yeah, it's all time, I think it's called the moment something like that, yeah. No, it's stored as an object file It processes a whole lot off-line and stores it as an object. And then they're much much smaller, they're only like a one one thousand, one K_. Yeah, it's all pre-processed And then it's just each object's got a return, bunch of return methods, you have to re-create the object It's called a load method. So what you do is you call a null constructor 'Cause. If you call the proper constructor for each meeting, it goes off and does all the processing and stores its own object. And then if you call a null constructor. Then you pu- call load, and you can call load on whatever one or all of them or anything like that, go through a list. Yeah. One object for each meeting. Yeah Although yeah, yeah they they. Yeah, it's just tell it tells you who participated At the moment it tells you who participated and the amounts they participated. In percentages And in time as well. Yeah, yeah, that would be that would be easier. Yeah, that wouldn't be too difficult. But that would be that would cause a problem with anything that wasn't annotated for topics. Yeah, no topic specified, I have a default, yeah. There are some there are some default, I know it's actually a lot of people don't give it a range. On the stuff, but. Yeah. Okay, right, yeah, yeah, that wouldn't be a problem And then you could do a search. Over the meetings, over the objects 'Cause that's the thing These these are so small, that it can load each o- all of the whole lot up and do a search over the whole lot to find who posted what, in what, no problem. Problem or what topics were in what. So it doesn't crash the thing. What the global statistics come straight off of that, don't they? 'Cause they're just for the measure measure the the. Speaker class knows about all of that stuff. And the meeting class knows about that stuff. No no, but I don't have it it forgot. What we want, yeah. I thought the other stuff was more important anyway, so I did that first. No, design a guy first and the 'cause it w- the problem is if you change the classes it the objects, serial numbers changing, you can't reload the objects, so all the processing has to be done over again, and I haven't quite finished a bit, so. It would become out of sync and get a bit funny. If I gave you one. If I gave you it now and you worked on it and then I changed it and ran the thing again, you wouldn't ever be able to load the objects back up. You'd have to and then you'd have multiple copies of objects all over the place and it'd get. Silly, I think. But if you can if you wanna make the picture. You can do that without anything kind of pushing you. Just you ju- ju-. That yeah. The text was. That doesn't come up, does it? No. It won't take very long to get it all finished up then. But I'd only I'll need to have done all of this stuff too first. Because otherwise the objects won't be the same. That is some way home directory. Yeah. No, I'll make it global yeah Well, it's finished up on it globally, otherwise it will get confused now. That way it doesn't crash if you try and load all ten in one, it crashes, doesn't it? I-. It's a bit dumb if you can fool it, if you if you c- load up ten different se- engines simultaneously, it can do that fine But it can't do them it can't do them if it thinks there's only one, 'cause then it's about the amount that each. You have to kinda call a new class and then it will do it fine, but if you don't then it won't. Yeah, it says okay, yeah, I've got all the sponges, you can do some Otherwise it goes, no. A nice machine it goes. Are they done, are they? Okay, cool. Pop up, I forgot. N_ L_S_ N_ L_S_D_ browser some some some speech and some music, some some problems. Yeah. Yeah. Or a Switchboard that comes up that's just a blank form like that with some buttons on. Load me a meeting, load me a search, load me something else. Whistle my tune. Yeah. Stupid N_H_T_ search It would need you to have a meeting loaded before it will start doing any searching at all, doesn't it? You can't The the only thing you can search is a NITE object model, and the only time you get one of those is if you've loaded an observation. Yeah, what do you mean? But. Doesn't that wi- you could you could use the inverted file search to return a list of. Meetings and then use one of those to load and search. But. You won't. It has to be an observation And even if you go in s- you can go and search the whole corpus from that, but you have to have. It has to start with something for some bizarre reason The engine there's only one. There's only one search method to the search engine. The engine class only has one search method. Yeah, yeah Globally, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Doesn't take long to load up anyway We can load a dumb one up, it doesn't have any. Yeah, right. But only gives one at a time anyway, doesn't it 'Cause otherwise it'll crush the thing. Yeah, it's not too slow though, I don't think It's not it's not too bad on that. I don't think that'll be a too much of a problem. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Meetings. Yeah. Make it strings for as long as possible, and then only return things when they actually when it needs to has to search when it needs to be loaded. Yeah. Did we think about. Better names for the meetings? Do they do they re-translate them? Do they? Okay, that's alright We just use. That's that's a working group, isn't it? Okay I wanna see the meetings about even better understanding. That's cool, that's cool. So who would have the I_D_F_s? I mean the D_F_s? Document frequencies for each word, I guess. Yeah, to do what Keith Keith's talking about you do. To do the topic labelling. Somebody's done the key words or the the I_D_F_s or the D_F_s already would be not too badly better to. How do you do an inverted file search without the T_F_I_D_F_? I think you need to have that. The amount that they occur over turned documents basically The amount the to the. Is the document frequencies, the amount that each word occurs. No What is it? Term frequency is the amount that that. It. Occurs. In each one of them is the amount that occurs in each document, and the other one is the amount that g- occurs. Generally. So if you so the more it occurs in specific documents compared compared to its general score, the bet- more informative it is about the certain. The corpus, the corpus to the data Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Plus a stop list, so you remove stuff that doesn't that like that and then the which is gonna have a a pro- basically equal score. A massive. Bunch of keywords. That'd probably be the easiest thing. Keywords. Yeah, keywords please please five words. Inverse document Yeah, term frequency inverse document frequency. I did do it once I do have a Java class that does it for something, I don't know whether it'll work I guess but. Yeah. Yeah, we've also a keywords gives you an a whole new type of search, so you can do a keyword search, but you could do keyword search could be topic search, could n- could be the same thing. Instead of it would just search for keywords and it when it when they you tell them they're a search for topics, but actually you're searching for keywords. Which which is what I mean. I suppose. Even. Calculating the. The. What's its faces themself? That won't be too much, too long. The easy bit is it's probably easier to calculate them based upon in their whole occurrences. In the in the corpus than it is to calculate them per. Topic, 'cause you don't have to integrate as much. Information. No, you can do you can do search without T_F_I_D_F_, you just can't rank the search. Yeah. No no no, but that's what isn't that what the idea was in the first place, to rank these rank the results? So that. Yeah, but that won't slow it down Ranking it won't slow it down. Yeah It still uses an inverted file, but it ranks the results by the amount by the higher. Yeah I thought that was part of it, but yeah, okay, doesn't matter if it's not. No, we didn't. Yeah. But yeah, I guess if you d- if if that's not part of it, don't worry about it It doesn't matter. 'Cause I'm only gonna do this if I've got time anyway, so. Just give you a rank, it would. That was the whole point was 'cause you could you could you say. This is your top one, this is your bottom. Yeah But but it's how how informative is that T_F_I_D_F_ is an informativity score, isn't it? So. And say. Treat your compound nouns like. Well like what? As a compound noun. Sunny day, yeah, with like an adjective, yeah. In it's most simple form, it would do a separate rank for each one, each term. You could make it more complicated and make it a d-. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you don't wanna start looking for the mode. Yeah. I guess you just do a sum of the of the individual T_F_I_D_F_ for each term returned, and that generally will be a bit crude, but it will give you a score And the higher, the more the more informative each term is for each thing would give you a. Be of your high thing It's pretty crude anyway if it's just looking for. If all it's gonna do is look for sec- separate ac- 'cause then it's gonna go into the N_X_T_ search and return, doesn't it So. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true So yeah, that's less crude and more. Groups of terms, yeah, without doing any like. Word patterns which is just mission possible. Yeah, I don't know how that works Yeah. That's. Yeah. But then the idea is that gives you an informativity score how you can combine. Line that is. Is up to you I guess it there's lots in the literature it's. If you were. Is there's a lo- whole load about it in Manning and Schutze. They've got a whole chunk about it's all just I_R_, isn't it It's the basic information retrieval. They've got a big a good chapter on it If you haven't got it, it's on Cognit,. Yeah. Yeah, me too Hundreds of P_D_F_s. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I guess that yeah, yeah, I guess that's usual. Have a use a mouse. Could have a save preference page. Could have a save preference page, I guess. Alright, call it favourites then. You could have a favourites page. Yeah, it's not enough information, is it? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it'd be quite good if it has Yeah. The. Search buttons. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Search, yeah. Yeah So if even if it just had two things, just said one's one said. Take me straight to this meeting and have a text box you can enter it in, or a drop down menu And then another one that said search that loads instantly loads up a search screen. Yeah. Yeah, yeah Or one that Yeah, or one that. Yeah. Well the other thing to do is just have search as the default, just it opens and the search window opens. And that's the interface. And you just go from there. And then that brings up the browser after you for search for something. Or or the search but the search window could have on it something that said just as a drop down menu that says just an go button that said take me to this. So the so the in. Yeah, so the f- only thing that comes up when you finished is a. When you start it's just one window like that. And it's got all the search stuff like down there So this is your search. Just all here And here is just go to wherever. And a go button. And then from there it takes you to wherever you wanna go. Yeah. Yeah, at the top it says welcome to. Welcome to Wow. Browser. Drop. Drop down menu. You want the. Yeah, the menu's. Yeah, that's true. This is if you wanna search, you search If you wanna look for one meeting and just look at it, then that's fine. That's that's true, that's. Unless you have two, one one less one. One there, but when you got two, one for meeting, one for speaker, and you can choose, you can go go for go or go for the other You can't go for both Go for both in searching. Could do Microsoft style and hold it over and it pops up a thing. Is that complicated? Mouse-over, isn't it, or something? Action this one. Let's do that then. Get out of the bloody way I'm trying to search to that be- Yes. Yeah, that's true, that's annoying. But that's why you could just have a list of your users then. Just you just say, I wanna look for this user. Go. Find me. Find me then it then it pulls up a list of all the ones who've got that user ID And then you search then but then you're doing search, maybe just leave it, just have the leeting names there. And don't worry about the speakers. If they're doing speakers they're doing search It's not the same. It's doing a quick access. Yeah Or you could have a text box there that's got. Yeah, as you go over them Then that doesn't get in the in the way, you mean. Yep. The full name and then speakers. Yeah. We can do all of that without even ever going anywhere near loading up a. Thing. A a a thing. A meeting, a noun Yeah. Think it's a noun object model, right? NITE, yeah, is you're right, it's the right corpus, yeah. NITE right corpus, and then you got NITE right elements, and then you got NITE right attributes, and. Yeah, I think the N_ ones are interfaces and the NITE one one of the ways round, one's an interface and one's actually an implemented corpus. 'Cause if you go back enough I think I'm the what's this name again? The A_P_I_ is alright, but there's not a lot of description in it. It's. Very creepy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you end up just it returns a N_ text box, okay what's that no, it's a implementation of an N_ text. I- interface What's that? It's a extended version of a stop it. Crazy. Might be useful, won't it? Yeah, I should have more to talk about Okay. If you like, yeah. Just off the. S_P_ two? Yeah, yeah But that means to write up the. Yeah. For that. Yeah, that could be quite good, yeah. Right. Friday morning? Oops. I don't know, maybe I do I'm not sure I do this again. Yeah Shall we say three o'clock and then if there's a serious problem I'll tell you. Might not be too I don't think either. Three's better than five or six, yeah. Three, say say three o'clock and then. If there's a problem with that, then if three o'clock's a problem, five or six will be a problem. 'Cause I won't be here. I don't think that will be I'm not sure. Is she collecting them? You just sent it to me. No, I mean is she collecting right, yeah, sorry. Yeah,. I thought somebody was collecting them, but I well that's what I thought when you said that. Then we'd know who's missed them or who's done any. Yeah. No. Yeah, that would help a lot For that for single terms it would be very useful. For multiple terms, unless you wanna do something there will be a way of doing it for multiple terms. Yeah Or you could do it and override it by the. You could just ignore the ranking if it doesn't show up together. Or you could perhaps you could penalise it You could just put a weight against it. Yeah, if you do the N_X_T_ search and it doesn't show up together, either disregard it or put a weighting against it, so if you c- how many pairs you get, you could. Yeah So then just next Yeah. M_F_T_. 'Cause some things you're gonna get a lot of results for. And if the one that you got just happened to be at the bottom and it was actually the most relevant one, something like would just push it up. Yeah. Which is the highest, is it? And. Also with something like sunny day. The. If sunny and day aren't mentioned together a lot, but sunny happens mentions once, the it's term will be low and it'll push down the other one if you combine them, if you just add them together. Yeah, yeah, but you have no ranking system at the moment, so if something's of an amazing highly ranked thing from T_F_I_D_F_, it could just be ignored because it falls off the bottom of the. Do you only have you have a do you return all results? For all say you type language and it returns seventy five meetings. Yeah, there aren't only seventy but there are seventy five meetings. Yeah, yeah. So if it so yeah, if you it returns seventy five, wh- where do you stop? How do you rank them or something? Or if it says twenty, even if it says twenty, do you cut it off at ten? Do you rank them? Do you. What's the threshold, I don't know, that would be. Through the mall, yeah One at a time and. Is that it? Done. Tick. I've turned off already.
slot1: Right. Did you have a. Comments? 'Kay. Yeah. Okay. Excellent. So, right so. 'Kay. Yeah. One thing that I was wondering, is there a standard control that you. Use to connect the different things, like you're hearing a topic and it goes and highlights the topic in the text? Or whatever. Is there a particular type of control that like is there one of these N_X_T_ or sorry. NITE controls, N_O_M_ or. Okay. You haven't had to build any new Windows to do that sort of thing, like other topics or. Well we're gonna do one for speaker, I guess, and all the rest, right? Or no? No. Well okay,. When we talk about speaker characterisation, how are we accessing the list of speakers? Okay. Right. Okay. Okay. That might also help like when he was talking about like have an architecture that things are gonna plug into. I mean so the things are all modular I mean it would be good idea if we use that same idea for anything else we do Well what else are we doing? Even the searches or whatever You know just. Any sort of thing I mean search results if they're all in a predictable thing with a name. Certain properties or list of properties, a vector, whatever. Yeah. It's just a matter of deciding what we. What would be easiest. All the way around I mean. Yeah. So each time are you going straight to the X_M_L_ files for for the information or or. I see Okay I see Okay, right 'Kay. Okay. That's all just pre-processed I mean just okay. Okay. Right. Okay. That's cool. Yeah, right. Is this. Is it for the entire corpus or is it just like individual ones, like one fo- one object for. Each meeting, okay. Wonder if that would be useful for some of the other stuff we're doing Well. No, I don't know if it's. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Just return a null or a blank or a blank string or something. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually I can upload my stuff as well I just have to make one change to your file just to load. This one instead of the the default. So that's. Lines of code. What do you mean? Yeah, just the one thing that's like the action for loading up the search thing. Yeah Well your version, yeah, yeah. No, I did it in my directory Just just to do that Yeah. I have a copy, yes I'm yeah But I will yeah I was going to update that one just 'cause yeah it just makes sense that then you then you can test it, yeah. Right. Right, yeah And then update. Yeah, I haven't I haven't made any changes to it yet So. I'll just make that one and let you know. 'Cause yeah, like I say two lines of code. For that So. Any s- and then you can play. There's not much to do yet But. Have to get better results, like better presented. Yeah. Yeah, and just to wire in the the topics and. Do it on summaries. So. Yeah. Well also yeah like that that as well So yeah. Yeah. So and just wanna. Find out what kind of objects there was were that. For the other ones. So. It goes in and how it works 'cause that's. No. Yeah. Kay. Right. 'Kay. Okay, sounds good. Yeah, there's a few more things to do with that and then once Bruno gets the. Index,. That's gonna. Be kind of fun Like I'm just wondering, have you had to well the way you're do- I was gonna ask if the way you were doing it, you were loading like a new. Corpus each time for each meeting, but you're doing the object, so. You don't need to. Just 'cause if we if we do have like if the inverted search. Says that there's you know ten documents, are we gonna have to load. Each of these ten corp. Corpora just to. Do the individual next N_X_T_ search? Yeah, I think probably, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Is or is it more like. Right. Okay. Right. We have to you know, while we're debugging, we'll probably be getting sick of it but no, or something that just sort of guides them to the most obvious things, yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was just gonna ask if we should assume that they'll wanna load a meeting first, but not necessarily I guess if they're doing a search on entire. Yeah, that kinda makes sense. Right. Well we can. Put the logic in there, yeah. I could probably even That's shouldn't be too hard to put a check in there And if it hasn't loaded, then force them to load one. Unless they know what meeting it is. Well, yeah, search. Yeah Or well the things they may. Just be looking for a word or what- you know, like and if it shows up ten different meetings, then at that point they'll probably wanna. Like do we want to like if it by default goes with the first one and they want number five of the ones that are returned, I mean then they have to go through the. Well not like to load up. Like the thing is, I think. Like when it loads up, it'll load up the transcript window and the whatever other window Right now I think just the topic ones. Although the time is probably more. Caused by loading the actual data So. I'm just thinking if it's kinda like you were saying, you have to have. Nom object, right? I mean before you do. A search at all. Yeah, okay right, yeah That's true. Yeah, but the okay, the global one feeds into the local. So if we're getting any usable data, it's it's gonna be doing a search on each of those files So it's gonna be loading up each of those one at a time to get the data that we want. Right But it it could be time-consuming, like if there are ten documents that hit with the same. Yeah, well I'm just thinking of some way we could, you know, st- cache the results and, you know, nice little format that'll. Make things. A bit easier But the thing is, I mean, if we've got that, then it's gonna be needing really mon- really to load. The entire corpus for that meeting. If if it's trying to show us where those were, if it's trying to highlight those in the text transcript or whatever. And we're gonna have all that other data in there. So each time when we have the search search window and we have like. Ten different meetings, you know, w- the word wireless comes up, you go to meeting one, then it has to. Reload the nom object. Next one. I mean that's gonna. That could be. Yeah? 'Kay, right. It always seems to be slow loading up the first time at least Like that's all I I've been doing lately is just sort of loading it up, test it, try some else, and then. Shut down, load it up. So. So just sort of based on that as well Yeah. But. If it doesn't take that long each time, then that should be f-. Alright. Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. That makes sense. And that way if they know specifically which meeting it is, then they'll save the time. Because I'm sure they don't wanna have the extra loading time neither if they can avoid it. So or they could. Check mark, like it's the ones they wanna check So. I think they were in the text. We can probably do that ourselves and just sort of B_D_B_, you know, just do a. String. Yeah. Yeah, the long ones. Yeah, yeah. Like the the working group that it's part of So. Yeah. Probably just yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah. If it's accurate. Do we actually need. The frequencies? Yeah? Right, that right yeah, okay, yeah. Well thing is if it's being done there were. There was. Yeah. There's a class she was trying to get to work on Friday. That did have all that and it was sorta built in and just had some trouble getting it. Running properly. But it had sort of all that standard sort of stuff, but it. Last I heard it wasn't working So. She was gonna look at, you know, more straightforward sort of thing that. Really just fulfills what we need it to do But if we need the if we do need the frequencies then. I don't know. It would've been like a list of. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What's the I_ and T_F_ idea? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well. We need to? For your stuff I guess, yeah, for topic. Yeah. Yeah. Don't think we had that in the the document. Yeah, exactly, I know. Nice time. 'Kay. The thing is we're just looking for when it happens in a meeting If they're looking for a particular term or something, they just wanna know if that term exists there and where does it exist and I wanna see it. Okay. Okay. Term, does a T_F_I_D_F_. Handle that? It's not a compound noun, it's just two words together. And I don't know. Just something like a. Edinburgh University,. Well, essentially, I don't know, or. Let's not make it more complicated than it is. Right. The way we were doing it, we were just looking for the words period, each word in. In the index Well that's the way we were thinking about it And. Then it's just saying, were these two words in in any of these documents? And then if it was, then we go closer and do the the N_X_T_ search. To look for the exact term or the regular expression or whatever. Yeah Or we choose the list of meetings that we wanted to search to do that So yeah. Alright. Like I'm just wondering, if it's gonna give us something cool, then yeah absolutely, but if it's sort of like. If the N_X_T_ search is still gotta be run to find these terms or these, you know, these patterns. And then. Or also like do wild-cards work for something like that? So if you're looking for wireless, wired, wire, blah, blah, blah, you do wire with a star and. No? Not so much. Actually, that's a problem for me too, so Or Amanda, yeah. Yeah, 'cause. Yeah, that's not too bad. Yeah. Yeah? 'Kay. Yeah, I've got. Somewhere. P_D_F_. Yeah, do the P_D_F_, switch it to postscript, switch it back to P_D_F_, and. Okay, that's okay. 'Kay. Sort of the same. Yeah. Yeah. Attended, yeah. Probab- for the most part I mean there'll be a set of people that do it, and then a sub-set for each meeting probably. Browse. Browse. Like if you're looking for something specifi- like is that what you're thinking? Like if they if they know exactly where they wanna go, they wanna go to, you know, that meeting on December third, and they just wanna go there and see stuff, then they can immediately go and browse that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Browse. By meeting, browse by blah, browse by. Speaker Like. No, I'm just thinking of different ways we can. Do that like different buttons on the top, like if they're looking for particular person, particular working group, particular whatever. I mean we just. We could break things down like that to that level of detail if we want. Or we could. Keep it more general, yeah. Thinking like initially when they load up. What are the range of things that they'd wanna do? Like if they're part of X_ working group, they wanna get in there. Do we wanna save preferences? Well if they're part of B_D_B_ working group, they're gonna wanna look at the B_D_B_ ones and so default to that or. I don't know. Based on what they did the last time? Yeah. I forget. It's. Okay Well no, I'm just getting back to sort of what could be on the the. Start-up screen. Like there's just a range of things we could do We could have like search options, browse options I mean just. I don't know, just. Playing around with. Ideas. And then we can. Tie this into our evaluation tasks and say, well if you want to search for a meeting or search for a user in a particular meeting then do this, bla bla bla So we can, yeah. Sort of, yeah, guide them. Like hey, my task is to do this and there's a button for it. Perfect, you know. No, that's not what I'm suggesting No, I'm just saying like these are just. Well, kind of. Lane programs do have that sort of thing first, just 'cause they don't want people to have to go through all the menus and search themselves, and just like d- commonly. Use tasks, or just exit and just let me use the programme. You know, as well. Yeah. Find specific meeting. You know, that's an easy sort of thing. Such as criteria. Usernames, do we? Aren't they all these codes like Z_ E_ E_ eleven or whatever, yeah. Yeah. In a case like that we do want drop down, we don't want them to type them, do we? And allow multiple? Okay, you're just looking for one specific. Okay. For speakers, yeah. Tool tip. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think it's just like updating. S-. Isn't it? S- but it's I think in that case it's the right corpus, is that right? Is it right corpus or something? N-. N-. N_ something. Okay. Okay. Not really, just gonna keep on going. Like Friday afternoon or something? And we won't have to have the meeting with Steve on Tuesday, or at all, yeah. So. Do we want to arrange this get this one earlier maybe? At three or. I don't know. That's true. 'Kay, yeah, sure. Possibly, I don't know, usually by then. Need a break. Although, I don't know, 'cause it's the lab and try and get some work done. For the the lab stuff. Yeah. Okay. Two two. And are you wanna get out? Right. Okay, right. I think she's got a class at eleven We've all got cla- well three of us have class at twelve. Or we could try one We could try shortly after Well y-. Yeah, well yeah, well it wouldn't be a long meeting then. Would you wanna? No, probably not. If one's bad for you then, we won't Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. There's just sort of the basic implementation stuff that I was wondering about But. It should be fine it's just progressing. Did we decide whether to be ranked? No? For now? Yeah, well I d-. Things quite a bit and not bring us. A lot. Just because if it is like independently doing the words for a particular document, it's not. It's not really getting them together Like if someone's looking for a particular term. I dunno, just. Just don't know if it would bring us that much. If. You know, sunny shows up in this document, day shows up, but they're not together. Or if if they are together. And relevance is kind of irrelevant, because if the term shows up, it shows up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you still have to do the search You still have to do the N_X_T_ search then, right? If if it doesn't show up. Yeah, I know Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it. It wouldn't show up on the search results if it if it didn't exist together So. Yeah. Yeah. To about this then, 'cause 'll see how she's doing this 'Cause if we are using that, I mean it does make sense for that But. And there's actually. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, okay, I see what you mean. And then we could actually put that like on the list of meetings that get returned if there were fifteen meetings or playing. Languages in, then it's gonna show you those and. Rank them as to which is the highest. Okay, I see that. The thing is, I mean that'll be exactly how we're doing it now, like we're just looking for the two word separately, see if they exist in the same document If they do, then there's a possibility that they c- occur together. And then we do the index search on that document. Yeah, yeah. Well right now it's not doing anything So I don't I don't know what what it's doing. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true, okay. Yeah. So. Okay. Yeah.
slot2: Did we get a seven out of ten for the email? Okay. No. Not bad. I think there is. Just because. The. The topic box and all this is. Is based on, what was it called, nom, no, NITE_. Text area or something. In text areas, one of those. And it has some sort of highlighting stuff there. So you should probably look at the. I'm not sure if it's in-built though, to be honest. Wha-. You don't? Okay, I'll do it. Yeah, I was thinking about that I was going that direction anyway. Yeah, that's. Okay, yeah So. Okay, yeah, I see what you mean I think, I think. So, have you already calculated all this data? What are you supposed to do that? Right. Right. Should it come back in as. Numbers? Yeah. Whatever you give me I can do it, I think. I mean. So what. We'll whenever we open a window for one speaker. Yep, that's pretty much all of it. Yep. Yep. Right. Is it? The one present. Although we could do. Could do the one highlighted, I suppose. Yeah. I mean that would that would be implementing what you said, that you wanna see per topic you wanna see which one spoke in most, something like that So you could you could zap through these topics. Meetings, sorry. And. And it would come up with how much they spoke and you can pick the one that. Looks the most interesting. So, do you wanna do that then? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. So yeah, random things like just return talking time. Or. Yeah. Get. Yeah, I mean. Can you put in there what topic was spoken about as well? Then. I could use that for the for the topic pop-up window. That wasn't a. Because at the moment if you right click on the topic window on one of the topics, you have the option of. Pop popping open a window which gives you a list of all the meetings containing that topic. So. Yeah. Yeah. So how how would you how would you calculate that? Would you do the summarisation as you populate it? You know, to s-. Yeah, for the glob-. Right, so, so that that is all st- stored together. Right, okay. Okay. Sounds good. So have you done these yet? The. Just gotta decide on what we wanna. Yeah, definitely Yeah. So it's all all usable now? Can I do it tonight? I see. Yeah. Well let me know. When when it's sort of usable. At least. What do you mean a picture? Do you mean just the. Yeah, but it's not gonna take very long I mean it's m-. Yeah. Sounds good. So where's that is that stored in the. On your home directory, not in the. Okay, cool. Sounds good. Alright. Yeah What are you wanting to. Write that in directly or what what do you wanna do with that? If you wanna change my code. Yeah, but are you. Do you wanna change that the original M_ browser file then? Or. Have you done that now? Or. Okay, so not the actual one, but a copy of it. Okay, yeah. No, just. Just just tell me when, because I usually I usually work on my own copy. For for the day, and then update it without checking if if the one in the shared one has changed So. Okay. Yeah, let me know. Yeah. Cool. So is that what you're working on now then, to to rip to present the results nicer? Or. You mean the h- highlighting stuff? Or. Yeah. Actually for for an end text area, whatever it is. They they define some h- handy highlights on that. So you've got different different highlights, you've got just. Look at the the. What they wrote about it They've got, like, user highlights. Selection highlights, time highlights, and. Something else. So you can quite easily. If your text area is called area, you just do area dot set highlights or something, you know, something like that. That's the way I did it to to highlight to cross highlight between topic and and. Transcripts. Something. Really? Really? I allocate it small data, not more. Does it talk to you now, does it? You've spent too much time in front of it, I think. Alright, well I've been I've been doing some random pop-up windows for the speaker calculation, which is good, so I can fill that in now. The windows are all there now, after lots of fiddling. Well, you know, just the pop a pop-up window was difficult enough. Because. It m- basically has to set up. Like, whatever, ten pop-up windows in memory, as in already. Initialise them, because there's there might be ten speakers. Is. All have to have different me-. Windows and. And I'm working on when you click on a topic to see a list of the of the topics. Of the meetings that that topic was mentioned in. And I have a. Question about the, we said we wanted a start screen. What kind of start screen do we want? I mean do we want some general blurb about welcome to the browser or something? Some animations dancing on start. Yeah. So do we want. Yeah, maybe we could write an on like the, whatever it's called, the. Top of the window saying welcome to the meeting browser. And the. Yeah, but how? I mean at the moment the way is it's a it's a drop down menu, as you've seen. With all the. And that because it's it's the. Dialogue class that you use there. Yeah I mean I think they should have two options Either load up a meeting that they choose. Or do a search. And through that, once you've got the results, you click on something and that loads up the first. Just be-. Can you not get this nom object? Suppose we wouldn't wanna use yeah, we yeah, we wouldn't wanna use N_X_T_ at the beginning anyway, because we don't wanna search locally, we wanna search globally. So. So let's say. Well no, then they would open the meeting first, right? So let's say they have two options Either pick one meeting or search globally to find a meeting. That they like. Yeah. No, but why do we want default? I mean just, you know. Yeah, but local search. Can't do global search without anything. Pretty much. Yeah, I mean. The local. Yeah. But yeah, the the global inverted file search. Gives. The norm objects basically to the local search, right? Yeah, that's always gonna be the case with search. Okay. I mean you can. You know, the option is to do a search in the way that. If you do a global search. First as a first step only return the meetings, as in the not even the meetings, but the name of the meetings. So you know, say you wanna search for the word. Language, then it gives you as a result. All the meetings that contain the word language And then you can decide, well I wanna search on this and this and this meeting, or only on this meeting, or. Yeah. Definitely, yeah. There is. Yeah, in the in in one of the papers they have names such as. Better understanding or whatever. Even. One of those. Yeah, one of them's even even better understanding or something. I I love that. Yeah I love that. Yeah. So I've yeah I've put that in already too. Sort of. So yeah, again concretely to the start-up. Start-up library is window. Well, can I. Yeah, how is that? I mean. Do you think you would have have time for that as well? What does T_F_I_D_F_ stand? Informed. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So the general score, would that be. For the whole of the language or the for the for the whole of the corpus? Okay. Well you know, you you might have some. General frequencies. I see. So what would the if we had the these fake topics, what what would they look like? Just. A bunch. Just a list of like three words or something. Right. Because that would be really handy then, we can actually test it. On the user. As opposed to just. Doing it and not using it. 'Cause if you just have the segmentation, that's great, but we can't we can't compare it to the to the hand annotated. You know, the hand segmented tool. Yeah, that would work That would be really nice. Yeah Yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking too, yeah. Well do we want to do we want to? Sort of, but then the main idea was more like to to speed it up, to speed the search up, because N_X_T_ over the over the whole of the corpus was just not feasible. It would be. No, but the general inverted file. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah That would just be a nice extra. Yeah, I I wasn't sure. Wasn't. True. True. So what, it's only interim. Yeah, I mean if you have time. As well That'd be really nice, yeah. 'Cause I mean then. Then it would give you like if you search for a word, it would give you the the meetings, but. Also how often the that word occurred in that meeting, that'll be so useful. Yeah Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but it would be useful if you. You know, you c- if you have if if you search for language and you return like, you know, basically all of the meetings, you wanna see where they actually spoke about it and where they just mentioned it once. Language and. No, just like Edinburgh and language. Okay. And then and then a- add those up or something or what? How. So. Come back to the start-up screen. I'm I'm I'm I'm very unsure about what that should look like I mean. We wanna for the part where you can choose choose the the meeting, what kind of information do you wanna have about the meeting? I mean the the the longer name obviously, if there is one, 'cause they don't all have a longer name. What, the users that spoke? Users that took part? Then that's probably. Pretty much the same for the same group. Yeah, and also. That on the start-up screen. Yeah, just to give them an idea, general idea what there is and so they can pick a a t- a meeting. Yeah. Yeah, or you kn- yeah, I wanna look at the meeting. Where so-and-so spoke. Of that, you know, so- some sort of research group. I want that first meeting, look at that. I don't think we need that, yeah Because we we just wanna. Have a way of of Yeah. Because as soon as they've got loaded, their first meeting, y- they can. They can browse through that. Quite nicely. Yeah. What do you mean? How how are we gonna know that? Happy user model. That would defy the whole point of browsing, right? If you only wanted to look at like five meetings. Well you just you just scroll down the list and find your favourite one, I mean. It's not like they come back every day and do the same browsing. And see what's changed today. Yeah, yeah. Right, okay. Well. Yeah. No. I wasn't gonna put any, you know, any any help in there, any sort of. Explanation of how the browser works, to be honest. I wasn't. I see. But I mean the main thing what you wanna do is to view a meeting, right? Yeah, or search, yeah. And both of those we have. Yeah, that a- all happens through the search, basically. Basically either the user w- knows which meeting he wants to look at, and he just clicks on it,. Or he doesn't, and then he searches for one that. Looks like it. Yeah. I see what you mean. Inside the search menu, yeah. Yeah, that's that's what yeah. Yeah, that looks about right. But. I'm unsure about how to. How to put all the information in there Because we need. Drop down menu, but we want all the information about. The name, the longer name and and the users. How do I. No, but the codes I mean at least. Maybe if they know the codes and in other top- in other. Corpus topis. Yeah. Drop down stuff like that, not. Yep, yep. Yep But then, yeah, as I said, how do you do. No no no, I'm not I'm not saying you can you can pick a user. But it should come up with some list, but an extended list of the of the meetings So you know, you have B_D_R_, whatever it was called. One. And then it gives you the longer name, blah. And then it gives you the, you know, the participants. I was thinking that, yeah Tool tip. But then, yeah. No, it's not at all, I think. A tool tip, yeah. Not tried that yet, but I was I was gonna do that So. Very yeah, I'm not sure, but is that very. Is that not annoying? If you have to. You know, you - you have to yes. They do that a lot, don't they? No, but you know, to to search for. A u- spec- spec- specific user, you have to hold your mouse over that one, wait for it to pop up, hold your mouse over that one, wait for it to pop up. And then. Yeah. Yeah, it'd just be nice to have some basic information on on each of the meetings. Yeah, I'm thinking that that updates. Depending on what you've got highlighted Yeah, maybe that's the best idea then So you've got a drop-down menu. Search search button, not search, go button. And then. Some sort of field which updates down automatically depending on what you've got highlighted. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. Thing? Nom. Yeah. What does nom actually stand for? Nigh-, yes. Is it? Yeah. You've got lots of nom something and then nigh- something and then N_ something. Really? No. And most of the descriptions are hints to each other saying, you've gotta update this Jonathan This is this is u- unintelligible Great. I don't think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Right. Right. So. Anyone else got anything to say? Do we Yeah Do we want another meeting at the end of the week with Panela? Yeah. Yeah, so I mean. I think I'm gonna do quite a bit of work this week, so I'll have probably more to talk about. I think. Well. If you like Well we can disc- discuss that on Friday if we have one. Friday? W- what time? I've got a doctor's appointment now. Ten to two. What? La-. How about one. S-. No no, that that would only give us like. Thirty five minutes or something. W- what. How about quite late, like you know five or six? Three o'clock Let's say three o'clock for lunch. Okay. Right. I'll write I write this meeting up and I'll send it to Pamela as well. No. 'Cause she's not here. I collect meeting summaries. No, we should probably do that at the end,? So. Can we just. Can we just repeat briefly what we've spoken about? So we've done progress on the speaker characterisation. Who does the speaker characterisation? We've mentioned topic labelling with keywords. We discussed if the search should be ranked. And. Michael, did you have anything else? On the start-up page? Well. Basically. Not. Not unless you've got time for it at the end. Be nice at the end. I think it would. I think I think it w- it would. Would. It would give you the most relevant result. No, but for things like if you search for language. Then you might have you have some topics which have as a, you know, some some meetings which have as a topic language, they specifically speak about language, and they use that word like in every sentence And then you've got those that just mention, you know, mention it briefly like once or twice saying, you know, my language is German or something stupid that you don't really want. So you wanna distinguish those somehow. Or nice anyway. Yeah, yeah. For multiple terms we can just do something really simple I mean. Yeah, I s- I. Yeah, just. Just. Just disregard it, yeah Yeah, I mean you'd you'd just do it really simply, you know. You'll have the results as before, but. Yeah, yeah. Discuss okay. It doesn't have to be all intelligent. That's okay. Well there's not that many meetings, so. Sh- that shouldn't be a problem. Is there really? Wow. Yeah, that's true. It would be useful as well for a word like language that might occur in all of them. But you wanna find the one. That actually contains it usefully somehow. You know, you still wanna be able to search for for the word language. In a sensible way. We'll discuss it again on Friday. Yep. Yep. Tick.
slot3: Data processing is fine, but. Wouldn't particularly want to do the. Can I have a look at that again? If it's in that format, it's speaker.    Yeah. Something.  Okay. Stand for? The prob- probably the term frequency. So like. 'Kay. No. Definitely. I mean we're just looking for for your for your stuff, I guess. No. No, actually 'cause the thing is I mean typically. The thing is. If it's like a two word term. Sunny day. Yeah, you can gauge that about a whole new. Yeah. Thank you for the invite. I'm just wondering if it's gonna. Which is. Yeah. Okay. Phew. Search for stuff or. Start working or off the top of my head. Okay, like search, browse. Like if you're looking for something specific. Yeah. Yeah, but I'm just. Okay, yeah. Okay, yeah, that's yeah. Just to browse the. Search buttons, search to. Probably or search something. Names. No. Sh-. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Although well, I don't know 'cause it. Three o'clock? Yeah. Well I. I kind of think it would. If. If. If they're looking for like I say sunny day and. No, it just doesn't. You're looking for that term and relevance is. In that sense, for single for single word, yeah. Okay. Okay. Actually, yeah. It's. That's true. Is also, I mean if it's well. Yeah. Look at through them all. Yeah.