slot0: I'll wait until you're all hooked up. Good grief. 'Kay. Needs to be plugged in, he's got it. Put it round that way. Okay. Welcome back everybody. I hope you've had fun. Right. This is our conceptual design meeting. I think we're slightly ahead of ourselves. From the last meeting. I th- I I think yeah. This is where we talk about. Properties, materials, user interface,. And. Trend watching. So I think we've touched on a few things. Two of that already, but we'll just go over it. The minutes from last time. We had a couple of. Changes in our plans in that we couldn't use teletext, it wasn't gonna be a control for everything. And that we had to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow. We have decided on. It. Leaving out the voice recognition. We've decided on there being a flip design. And. A different shape from what's normal. We were thinking a shell, but something along those lines, so just a different shape from what's normal. You were going to look into there'd be chargeable batteries. And we were gonna think about the port and an alarm for getting it lost, things like that. And. Our market was going to be young business. Kind of. Range. Okay, so shall we start with the first presentation? Yes, if you feel. Excuse me. 'Kay. 'Kay, thank you very much. Let's start from the inside and work our way out. I don't think so. Yes, thank you. I hate those little things. Especially if you do them on too tight. You can't get the leverage on them to undo them. Okay. You explained that one? Okay. Right, okay. How. What kind of how long can you get out of that? I mean, can you pick it up and then wind it for two minutes and then that's it for the night? Or. Doesn't count, does it? Sorry, it was huge. Okay. Any any. I'm pretty sure that solar is from the sun. I don't think it counts electric lights, no. But I mean. Not many. You don't want to limit your market I mean, people who live in basement flats, there's not that many people. But. But then it would be charging through the day I think the point is it charges through the day. And then you've got it charged in the evening. Okay. Yeah, I've seen them. Kay. But then if you think about a watch, it's on your wrist, so it's on your whole bod- it's on your body the whole time. So you're walking around, you're doing things, it is moving a lot of the time. If. Is it really gonna be enough? Okay. So it's not the draw on it, is it? Dual cost. Expensive as well What kind of price are we looking at for. Presume that normal batteries are the cheapest. They're not designed. Practical wise, okay. Get a bit of wear, but don't calculators have a b- battery in them as well? 'Kay, can we add in. Attachment to clothing feature? Can we think about that? 'Cause if we're doing the kinetic thing. And. It's. Well, add it in to think about. Because. Where am I? If it is the kinetic thing. And. It is small and it is portable and it is a different shape. And the kinetic is something people don't do. Kind of. We're doing something original and different. But if you wore it if it's something you could just clip on your pocket,. Then you would have that less you you wouldn't lose it so much. But then maybe that's looking at someone who's just sitting on their own rather than. The eternal battle for control of the controls. No. Okay. Right. What kind of things do we have to consider there? Can we. What kind of size Does it come in varying sizes, or is it just one size and we would have to fit the design of. Okay.  So instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic, the fascia that comes off would be the rubber. Like those pens that you get with the grip. That you can you can pull that off. Okay. Well that's been really popular with mobile phones, so I don't see why not. 'Kay. It would be flat inside, yeah. I think it would be good to have a contrast between if the whole thing is gonna be this rubber thing,. It would be good to open it up and see some. Something quite fancy looking inside. Now how would you distinguish, if you had it bare, how would you distinguish where you had to press? I mean. With a palm box, I think. It had to be attached. Okay, we'll talk about that So if you finish your and we'll come back to that. Yeah. Think okay. We're marketing to guys as much as we are to women. Well it's a remote control you're sitting watching T_V_. Are you gonna want to sort of open it and say, sh- sh- go and have a shower and do my hair before I put it i-. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Okay. No. Which means? Okay. Can we swap that round, so that the t-. Ones that we use all the time are on the bottom part? 'Cause if you're thinking about holding it. You would be using your sums to press. Just like a mobile phone, yeah. Yeah. That's what I was just saying And then have the. And then have the the L_C_D_ at the top. And then be able to touch that for the. Other controls So have the. The volume and the programme, things like that. On the lower side. I can't see that Is that play and stop and things? Is that volume and s- channel? Okay. Right. Okay. I'm not sure how long we've got left. But we need to make a decision. About. Things we discussed. So. We agree on. Do we agree on the battery? Yeah. That means that there's no. Function for it li- the port, you know, that it sits in, then pressing the button then having. So we could incorporate voice recognition in the finding it It's a b- it's it's like a g- it's a gadget, it's a. Selling point. I think the only. I think the only. Pitfall that we would have would be how much it's going to cost If that means we have to cut down somewhere else. But I think pretty much we've. Used cheap. Relatively cheap and simple things The L_C_D_'s not cheap. Yeah, okay. You could Yeah. Okay. You want like a backup? Okay, so we've got the battery. The. Inside components is pretty standardised across the board. Wood, isn't it? So there's not really a decision to be made there. The buttons. What did you give us as our. The bare board L_C_D_ or. On the top one, okay, you've got the touch. Okay. And then. Okay. Okay. No, it's fine. For the inside, yeah. I think so I think so. No, I think I s- we don't wanna be tacky if we've got a kind of. Different shape anyway. The fact the m- the material that we would be using would be cheap. So we could make it red, we could make it. Psychedelic,. You know, we could make it black and white zebra stripes, but that's not really what we're focusing on What we're focusing on is the m- you know. Yes. So we could just pick anything. It's different. It's just different from everything else and I mean I'm trying to imagine. Clean looking houses, sort of. Beige and black. Do you either want something that goes with that, which is what's on the market anyway, or you want something that contrasts as. You know like. You get clocks now that are more of a talking point than an actual clock. 'Cause they're so interesting and. And you would just have a d-. Across the b- You would have so many different options that you could do. You could have a plain black one You could have. Sparkly pink glittery ones for your model. And. And ones that ones that have rubbery spikes. Y- you know, you could just go s-. So far with it. Like a puffer fish You could just you could take it wherever, so I think that's quite a. Flexible. Thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, we've got five minutes. That might have been up for a while. Okay. Well they do, but I think we can. Can be. Well it is it is, I think you just addressed that with advertising. You associate the name with the individual product that it is, and that does the work for you Obviously it'll have a logo on it, just like everything, but everything else has a logo on it The point is that it's got to stand out somehow differently. But I think it does without that, so I'm not worried about that. Depending on how i-. I mean we've got this memo saying that it's something that. The company's looking into, so. That seems to make sense, but if it. Turns out that it's hugely expensive, we'd have to cut down somewhere else. Then it's worth. Thinking about. I think we'll find out more about cost. Afterwards. Right, I'm going to wrap it up there. Got our end meeting now message already. Yeah. So I think we've probably got it says closing we have forty minutes. So I think we've probably got about that time before we come out of here. It's either that or. We only had forty minutes to discuss what we discussed and. Don't know how long that took you. Is everyone happy? Okay.
slot1: Done gone. Lunch. Yes. Alright. Yep, but regarding the sizes, which one you think will be like, because we. We have to take into consideration size also, so maybe its standard triple A_ might take lesser space, and. Dynamo might take. More space. Right. Night. And are this like what is the life of the kinetic battery? It like it runs for a long time, kind of? Y-. Solar would be expensive. S- twelve point f-. The question is like sorry. W- which one would last the longest, because we don't want customers to be like you know charging like a mobile phone everyday. Remote control like So. We have to look at the life also. 'Kay.   Yeah, and second question is like mobile you can change the cover. Call it a skin or whatever. So in this case if you're looking at like a customer can change the colour like from green, parrot green, to chilli red or something like that. Is that feature available in like titanium? Or it's like only specific to plastic? Like. Right. Could be a good idea. Could it would be comfortable to hold on also. I didn't get the last part. He talked. Just what you said I I didn't get the. Meaning of it completely He is saying that. S-. It really. Or somebody who surfs very often. Would a person who switches channels very often or does r- use a particular function very often he'll find it very irritating to use, you know. He might spoil the touch pad very fast compared to a button like. If you keep punching with an. Pointer or whatever. Just one small question before like you're this thing Regarding the circuit, since we have havi- having a flip-top. Can customise the two circuits for different type of buttons Like we are keeping the standard buttons on the top. And the more complex buttons in this thing, so we can divide the circuit like, you know. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Would like to share something which I did here. First thing is basically on design we just took the input from the previous meeting, especially from the Marketing and Industrial Design. To check on the customer needs and. Feasibility. Second is we checked into competitors The picture here shows what are the standard models offered by competitors here. So you you generally see there is not much of variety and like marketing team said. People need trendy, they are bored of black and white. So you generally see rectangular shape. Very monotonous kind of designs here. And. Second thing is there is too much of confusion here. No particular remote is standard. Like some some people have. Here You see this? This is on I I. I found that the only common feature is the ch- channel control and the volume control Rest other buttons, they are in a very disorganised. And they are not consistent with with other models and all. Okay and second as already discussed with William. We are going to have m- maybe a G_U_ G_U_I_ interface. In the m- in the middle of the flip top. And. Graphic User Interface. Basically which is what we do do in computer, have icons or touch pad or whatev-. Which is. Like you have an l-. Icons or something you have. Is a good example of G_U_I_, graphic user interface. So basically a person need not point or click on it. Press any particular device, he just has to click on that particular icon to simplify. And on the top. Repetitive buttons which are like volume or channel changing and all could be on the pointing device That means use of button. So he need not. Use a pointer to keep changing the channel if a person is frequent surfer. So we are having a combination of both So f- on the s- simpler board on the top. We have this button, rubber buttons, to keep frequently changing the channels. Infection. 'Kay, and you mean to the. The lower this. Perfect. So the findings are too many cluttered buttons,. Repetition of certain butn- patterns which I already explained, an example the volume and channel control buttons. All are confusing and in- inconsistent. Okay, we had a latest finding of voice recognition, there was a mail. Which mentions that our division has developed a new speech recognitions feature. We have to check into the f-. Financial f- feasibility, whether we can. And incorporate that this at a low cost. But for. Like we had a k-. Ps-. Response from the customers that they would like to have a feature of finding. It So it could be like, where is the remote, and the remote answers, I am here. Some kind of thing, or it gives a. Bleep sound or some kind of sound. And if this can be incorporated, this would be more. You can say trendy also, and technologically innovative also. So we we can check into the financial feasibility of incorporating this. My personal preferences would be like as already highlighted by m-. Marketing department, they want something to do with fruit, so I wouldn't say their design should be like a fruit. But yeah, we can take inspiration from fruit colours, like the vibrant colours. Red chilli. Tomato red or whatever. And. Second thing is certain certain standard buttons we should have. Like for example, if you see the previous slide. I think most of the users would now be well acquainted with this cert- central pattern. Here. So we will we will not change that particular pattern, because i- i- this is the t- most consistent thing in all remote controls. This is the central one, the one you. Yeah, volume and channel. So keep that that's standardised, because that's the most common feature across all models. If you look at all the models, it's here. This. And. Voice recognition. Kinetic. Yeah. Maybe we could start with black and white. That that would be good. Update later on after. And for those. For the body design I think plastic. Yeah, we could use the body. For the inside and. Rubber as a padding or for the grips, something like to add to the design. That we could. Yeah, sure. Yeah. A cubrisher, you can talk of a cubrisher. And finally the body should be detachable, may- maybe ch- you can change the body. The case casing, the case outside. It should be moulded with the design in such a way you can change it every time. Okay. Rubber. Yeah. Fine,. We're talking of voice recognition also? Because that we have not addressed the issue of how to locate. Remote control if it's lost. So are you looking at voice recognition? Maybe like was suggesting in the last thing, some devices you put on key-chains. For Yeah. The whistle. So we can If financially voice recognition is not feasible, we could go for a whistle. I see. Also I even mentioned that But we'll be incorporating in the design. So. Again a questionnaire. I think we are pretty going in a clear direction now.
slot2: Thanks. Yeah. I was getting that impression as well. Etcetera. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, okay, if we sh-. Screwed in. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. The. 'Kay. This is all about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components we have in stock at the moment. 'Kay. First the. Into the method The the. Main idea of the whole thing is just so you sh-. You just press buttons and it should activate things on the T_V_ and we discussed last meeting it should be easy to find. Also in this study I've looked into the availability of some of the materials 'cause some of the things that we looked at. Last time aren't an unfortunately aren't available. Findings, I've got my nice little picture there. This is the chip called the T_A_ double one eight three five, which is what's used in pretty much every. Remote control, 'cause it sends out standard signals. Based on your input and. It's pretty much used for all. All T_V_ remotes at the moment. And then we we look looking into battery options. Has. Actually no rechargeable option available. So we I saw the. The standard. Double A_ and triple A_, which we thought were a bit. Bit too bulky at the moment Dynamo charging, I thought that that might be a bit silly. To be to be honest, people wi- it's it's basically like wind up radio. So you wind up your remote control before you use it. Right. Yeah, yeah yeah I presume you wouldn't have to wind it for very long. But I don't I don't think it's really sort of necessary when you th- you think of the next two options like the. Solar charging. 'Cause most people have the light on in the room anyway. So they could get when when you got T_V_. That. Is it? Right. Yeah, it would the d- yeah. The dynamo would take more space 'cause you'd actually need a physical sort of handle to wind up. Yeah, okay. But. Yeah, and most people most people also watch T_V_ in the. In the night anyway. But I I think I think the the next one's the best anyway, the the kinetic charging, which is like you get it in ri- you get it in wrist watches, and you. You don't even notice it I mean the amount the. Probably moving around you'd be doing all the time would would charge it up I don't think you'd ever need to actually physically start shaking it up to make it work. Yeah, it's it charges into some form of it's a smaller cell. Which it charges into. And. The si- the size of a watch a watch battery, 'cause they use them quite frequently in watches. And that'll that would l- would last for. Well I do- I I'm not entirely sure how long it would last, but I've never seen one run out. Yeah. Yeah, and. Yeah, but then again. I I think it is, because if you think about it, the watch, although it's only a tiny. Amount, it's it's. It's always moving for the whole day, and they don't run out overnight when you leave them on the side. And for the same the same reason, you're only using it for a v- incredibly short amount of time just to send the signal, and then you're finished with it. And you put it. No no, I do- I don't think the the duration would be. Yeah, I think I th-. G- you could have a dual power thing, but the the thing with the solar cells is you would need to put them on the case, and they. Because if you. Like on a calculator, they. They're quite they're quite big, and they all they all look identical. They're they're expensive, they don't. Yeah, the normal batteries would be the cheapest I'd presume then it would actually be the the solar charging ones. But. It's i- I think they're not very resistant to. Dropping. 'Cause if you drop stuff, yeah, if you if you have you. The size you'd need to charge a remote wouldn't be that big, but. I mean if. Remotes always get thrown around and stuff, so. I think. Yeah, practically. I mean calculators you don't really throw around a lot. Whereas remotes you do. They can. Yeah, they do They yeah, they've got dual things, but they're the batteries are smaller, I think. Yeah, so the. Yeah, the there's if you if you had something du- using the standard. Batteries and the solar charging. I don't think you'd. I think the it would well you know how long the standard double A_s would last, and or triple A_s would last. Yeah, I think I think it would, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, well I'll move on. My second. Part of my findings. The mo- most current remotes use this. Silicon. P_C_B_ board, which print- printed circuit board. Which basically has these contacts that are really close together, and then when you press down on the rubber button. It'll connect the circuit, and. Each each switch is connected to two different legs on the. Chip, and so sends a different message. And. That then. Gets translated by the chip into a code, and then it's fired out of this. L_E_D_ in a sequence of. On and off bursts. Well. Well, the. The the thing about it is. They they can be as big or as small as you want them to be, because you can you can print circuit board like that. It's it's simply spaced like that, so you can have fit the n- the size of the nine buttons in. If you if you see how thin the tracks are. You could you could s- you could put them virtually right next to each other, and have a much smaller switch on each one if you if you wanted to. But. The there is an option to do. Do it like that. Or you could. Have some sort of. Array of switches which I'll speak about in the next bit. So that. And then to. Yeah So to conserve battery life, the remote should be in a standby mode when while not being used. What I was thinking about that was. 'Cause sometimes when when you have these things, they've got little lights on behind the buttons, so you can see what all the buttons are Like on a mobile phone they do it more often than on a. Than on a T_V_ remote But you could you could have lights behind the buttons and. After like five or ten seconds of not being used I'd have that turned off if we decided to go for buttons that could light up. The case material, I've. Been sent. What the factory can actually give us. The there's the plastic, which. I think we were gonna go for anyway,. As the main case case housing. And. The. The main. Problems with the well you could go for wood, but I think it would be a bit impractical. Titanium. Very expensive,. Just the process which to make it is expensive. And. Rubber. Well you're saying that people like this spongy feel this year, so. Perhaps some. Something made of rubber, but I was thinking more of the buttons, because. Buttons which they've they've said. That they've they've put across. Are what is used in some stress ball manufacturer. And it's meant to be anti-R_S_I_. I'm I'm not sure how that would work, because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances, but. That's what they said. The problem with the casing is that. There's. Quite. There's quite a few design restrictions that they've got. On. The shape of the case If you go for titanium, they can only do a standard box shape. Whereas if you come to plastic, they can they can be a little more. They can they can do sort of curved shapes, but whether whether or not, because we'd have it in two separate units. For the flip phone. Yeah. Yeah, I. Yeah, in in titanium, I don't I don't think it would be available at all really, the ju- just. It w- Well, you could make it available in the titanium, it was just it would be so expensive to buy a new case for it. Because of the expense of how much titanium is, is. It's light and strong, but. I think it should be left for aircraft design rather than for a. For a remote. Yeah. Yeah. Rubber, yeah. And you can peel them off, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Also the. Just just going back to the interface designs with the buttons. The. I know we were planning to do some sort of touch screen. Now what I was saying before about instead of having. You could have just a bare P_C_B_ circuit board. And I'm sure you could probably get it in different colours and it so y- just by touching it with your finger it would make the connection. Over if you had them close enough, that would be one option. The second option they offer rubber buttons, but I thought that an L_C_D_. Type of screen 'Cause one, they're incredibly thin. And don't take up much space. Two. They you can have them in a sort of. Array, and you could arrange the buttons on the screen in a sort of set thing and. You could have them like a touch. Display. What? On the on the L_C_D_ screen, you could big you could fit it the problem with it basically is that it's flat, and so you can't do lots of curve. Curved things with it. But. You can you wouldn't have with the L_C_D_ you'd have the wires coming off. You wouldn't have that with the. With the L_C_D_, you'd only have that with the printed circuit board. With. Also with the. Yeah. You could have a flat screen inside. Yeah. I'm just wondering whether we want an L_C_D_ screen inside It wouldn't be like full colour, it would just be black and white. But there'd be touch touch buttons, so you wouldn't be pressing down on them. Or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-R_S_I_. Rubber. Yeah, I hadn't I hadn't really thought of that. Yeah, you could you could have some sort of stylus that you could pull out, but. I I think they could get a bit easily lost. As I have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's. Yeah, that that's the end of mine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that that would be fairly simple I mean you'd you'd actually have two separate. You'd have two separate circuit boards, but they'd be joined by. Wires or like some cabling between them. 'Cause in the in the actual flip, that you'd have some linking. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you can, you could do it, you could have a. 'Cause if you if you just. Put the full charge through an L_C_D_ display or completely blank it out. I don't know if you could get any mirror effect on it, I'm not sure about that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you if yeah, if you have like buttons that appear on the screen and this L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but you can't do it with your thumb like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I mean if. Yeah, it is it is quite it's quite a cool feature to have, and also if they've got it if they've got these parts already in stock. Then it won't be cheap to re-manufacture them It will be cheap, sorry, to re-manufacture them. So, do you reckon that's a good idea, that. Where's the remote. I'm here thing? I think that would be quite fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's. Well, it's it's. Not as expensive as it would be if it was full colour, 'cause if we've just got a black and white one, I mean they use them in calculators. So. Yeah. What, you c-. No, the kinetic ones come come with a sort of watch a battery that goes in a watch. So it's a lot smaller, so it would. Yeah. Yeah, the I think we were we're going for the L_C_D_ on that one,. The buttons. On the on the. On th-. On the top one we're gonna. Yeah. On the bottom we were gonna have the rubber, the rubber ones, the anti. R_S_I_ ones. Okay on. Got the flip the flip screen, the top one is gonna be the L_C_D_ and the bottom one is gonna be the rubberised buttons. Plastic? Okay. Yeah. No. Different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, with these rubber. These rubberised ca- not the actual. Plastic outside case, just the rubber. That goes around the inside. Yeah, yeah, the whistle ones, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, depending on the expense of it. They've got in stock So yeah. Yeah. Did it.
slot3: Shall I? Just connect up. Thank you. There we go. Okay, so we decided on our market and so this. Feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching. The methods we used to decide on. Current trends and so on, market trends, were that we did our traditional our our usual market research study. With our hundred subjects. And. The the general feedback from them is that the most. I'm sorry, I'm slightly tongue-tied after lunch Sorry for talking faster. We decided on the most important aspects required in a remote control device and we'll come to that later So that was one of the first things we did. Also with our company being forerunners in putting fashion into technology. We also looked at a fashion update using our consultants on fashion and design in Paris and Milan. So the general findings from that was that in the market trends the most important aspects for remote controls were. People want a fancy look and feel. Rather than the the current functional look and feel of remote controls. They also also want a remote control to be technologically innovative. And of course, as we predicted, that it should be easy to use Now I should point out. That the first of those findings, fancy look and feel, is the most important It's twice as important as the second, technologically innovative,. Which is in turn twice as important as being easy to use. So possibly the the feature that we put first is actually third It is still important, but it's third in order of preference for the. Subject that we looked at. Okay. Now the fashion update, which relates to very personal preferences among our subject group. We found from our. Consultants in Paris and Milan who des- attended all the design and fashion fairs then, that fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes, shoes and furniture So. Should we be thinking of using something like that in our remote control design too? There also seems to be a trend towards a spongy feel to materials. Again in contrast to last year. So a lot of interesting feedback there, both from our market research departments and from our people in Paris and Milan. Interesting to see what our design people make of that. Unless anyone has any questions about that? Not yet? Does light charges as sunlight does? Artificial light? To be solar. Okay. Artificial light, no. That's going to. I know, in different parts of the world too. If we're if we're marketing internationally. Could I just ask. Referring back to solar charging, is that compatible with standard batteries? I mean, could people put standard batteries in, but with this, you know, they could leave it in the sunlight for solar charging? Are the two things not compatible? So that affects the exterior design. Question. It would just detract from the attractiveness of the of the whole feature It w- it's not gonna add anything okay. Shouldn't we do some market research on that first before we add it in, because I I personally. Right, okay. It's not something that's come up in any of our focus groups and market research, it's not a thing that people are looking for. We threw it open to the field, yeah. It's something to put on the side to think about maybe. Kay. For the flip phone. It does mark quite easily too, if you let it fall I've got a mobile phone myself which is titanium and it does mark very easily if you drop it. I was just wondering if we make the basic mould out of plastic but have like a rubber cover that goes over,. That give the spongy feel That also allows us to kind of have different for the phone, yeah. Like a rubber sleeve almost, yeah. Very cheap way of changing the look of it and people can just buy a new one if they want to, yeah. I don't s- sorry to interrupt, I don't see why the curved thing is a problem If we, for example, had a shell. Once we open up yes, it would yeah. I misunderstood you. Yeah. I just had another idea, I don't know if it helps with that, but just to do with the R_S_I_. Is it possible, just as an option, when we open it up, people can use their fingers to press the button, or we have inside like a small pointer thing, for people who want to. Yeah, but easy to replace as well Cheap. Yeah, just a thought They wouldn't actually need one and they could use anything they've got, couldn't they, a pencil, a pen, so they wouldn't really need a. Just to raise another point, well it occurs to me it kind of applies to both our designers here, 'cause I'm not sure how it would fit in. If we flip open, now you know how you've got some mirrors in nightclubs. That are mirrors, when you turn to them, and you turn away and it gives like an advertising display You've seen those? And they kind of respond to the turn of your body Is it possible that when we open our flip-top shell. It's a little compact mirror, and when you press a button, it then goes on to the phone display, the the remote. Control display thing. They don't look at themselves? Just a thought. Yeah. I know what you mean It's whereas using the ideas from mobile phones, you're right. So whereas using the ideas from mobile phones, we've kind of got got track onto that, I think Okay. I'm just trying to think of other features we can build-in that wouldn't cost too much, but we'll maybe leave that one on the side. 'Kay. I think we'll forget about the mirror That was just a very quick passing thought Yeah. Sorry, what does that stand for? No, you'd hold it you'd open it you'd flip it open and you'd be. Wouldn't you? Isn't that the idea? Y- if we just use the shell as an example again, you open that. You've got your L_C_D_ display there and you've got the buttons there, so you're holding it in the palm of your hand Yeah, and then.  Kinetic? Yeah. We talked about kinetic charging, we've dec- seemed to have decided on that Did we decide on double E_ or triple E_ batteries? No, one of the decisions we had to make was whether we had double E_ or triple E_ batteries, 'cause they've still got to be charged this way, haven't they? I see. Right, okay, got you. Got you on that, okay. Didn't realise. Sorry, could you repeat that last part? L_C_D_ screen. Okay. So we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell, a variety of designs, okay. And it is just although it's rubberised and spongy, apart from that we're just going to go for sort of vegetable and fruit colours, we're not gonna try and make it actually. A vegetable or fruit design or anything else, like a shell that we discussed Just go for the colours. Okay. The feel. Is that going to be this image I've got in my head. Of something kind of shaped like that,. Maybe about that size,. Made of plastic,. Fits into the palm of the hand, rubberised cover that's spongy. Is that really going to fit fancy look and feel, which was the major thing that people wanted, market research Is that fancy and feel?. Yeah. I'm just kind of pushing at that to see if you came out with anything else, but I mean I totally agree We looked at those remotes, I mean they are kind of anonymous, very similar looking things This would definitely be different enough I just wondered if anybody could come up with something even more. The thing is the rubberised covers are going to be so relatively cheap to produce, that if in a year's time we be get feedback from the design fairs that show something else is coming, I mean it's so easy to for us to just produce that that can be slipped on. Which is another beauty of it. Right. Can I just recap Sarah? So the decisions that we've made, kinetic charging, the watch type batteries,. L_C_D_ display on the the top side of the flip-top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side We're gonna use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover The case itself is plastic. That's how far we've got What else do we have to add to our decisions here? Yes It was just it was just a cost issue with that, but it's a good idea, we just need to check on the cost, is that right? And incorporating the company logo. Have you. 'Cause I took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting, from y- from your report It's not just a case of having a little R_R_ hidden somewhere, they do want it to be obvious that it's our product, don't they? Since it's the only one of its kind on the market, it's obviously gonna be ours. Yeah. 'Kay. 'Kay. 'Kay. Did we I know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper, I think that was you talked about a beeper for location Have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then? Got to go through.