slot0: Help. Pretty. Robot. It's up there. The screen's black. Doesn't do anything. Right, okay. Okay, that's fine. Right, okay. For our meeting meeting. And I might be a bit all over the place. Right, our agenda for today. Do you want us to give you a second? Okay. I'll go over what we decided last meeting. We decided upon a universal control. One hand set for all T_V_, video. Equipment. That it was important that the product was accessible to a wide range of consumers. Wide age range. Not limiting anyone. We decided it was important to reflect the company's image in our product, we put fashion in electronics, you know, that kind of thing. Our budget would have to affect. Try not to reflect our budget. That we might. Have a bit of,. You can see it. Dissonance between what our budget was and. What we want it to look like. Want it to look uncluttered, undaunting to the customer. We discussed a flip-open design,. Reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel. For further features like programming, things like that. 'Kay. Three presentations I've got written here, so. Shall we hear from marketing first? No, that's fine, that's fine. Unplug me? F_N_. Function F_ eight. P-. Yeah, sure. Yes. Okay, thank you very much. Would you like to continue on with that? Could we maybe move that over? Is it. F_ eight. There it is. Thanks. I think we'll chat about it at the end, okay, so if anyone wants to write something down they want to bring it up at the end. What's that? Strange. Gosh. Yeah, exactly. Alright. Right. We have new project requirements. We're not going to be using teletext. Apparently consumers consider it outdated with the internet now. Our control is only going to be for T_V_ it's not going to be a combined control. Which. Limits. You know, all of the different things that it limits the cost for us, but it also makes it easier to understand for the. Says for T_V_ only, so. Looks like it's just yeah. I think maybe Sky, things like that might be incorporated into it. But. I don't know, what do you think? It just said for T_V_ only I mean general T_V_ controls. Do do video as well. I mean you well we'll say you get con- you get combined T_V_ and videos, won't you? I think we assume that it's still got play and stop functions, you mean. Programming. Yeah, yeah. We do have a budget limitation that we can't control ourselves, so I think. When we can take a cheaper option, which still does the same kind of thing. Because it is something I. It needs to be the thing that you. Used to find it needs to be something that you don't lose You were saying whistling,. Maybe o-. On the T_V_ you could put like a pack on the T_V_ or something, so you can't see the remote, you go and press the button on top of the T_V_. And it beeps, and you go, okay, it's over there. Something like that, but that's that sounds a lot cheaper to me. The third thing was that we have to make sure the corporate image is very much incorporated into. The handset. So we want logo, we want. Fashionable, trendy, I mean what you were talking about with the marketing. People paying more. For it to look good. Do we need to focus on that as well? Yeah. Yeah. What about you were talking about the buttons. The controls that are coming out now have kind of big rubber buttons, not tiny little ones, big rubber buttons. But what about. I mean 'cause we've got to make it original. What about. You know with the touch screen. Computers. Yeah? So you it's like a little panel that you touch rather than a button. Which shouldn't wear out as much either Not sure about that one. You don't have to press it, you just have to put your thumb onto it. I think that might appeal I'm thinking kind of. Japan I'm thinking. Young. Office people. Trendy. Things. But quite. Easily labelled. So that anyone can do, yeah, that's obvious what that's for, and it's not daunting to maybe the older generations. Too big. I think we have to design one product. And then the company can take it wherever they want to, d- in the sense that they can make it smaller, or they can make it bigger, or they can change the features slightly. It's gonna be the same, so we need to focus on just one thing and not get bogged down in lots of different. Possibilities. Or speech recognition. Which is. Extremely expensive I think that's the only way that you can kind of avoid. That kind of issue. We are we're talking about. Type of company that we're working for as well. They want it to be fashionable, they want it to be trendy, and you wouldn't. Automatically assume associate that with the older generations. Now with the baby boomers. Older generations are actually larger, they have a greater population than us young people. But I don't think we're focusing on that, I think we are focusing on a sort of mid-range. Business kind of class type people. Okay,. So. The remote control functions. We've got the T_V_. We've got the video. Now there is. I can't remember what it's called, the little code at the end of. Programme details. Yes. Could. Use that as an alternative to programming in times, things like that? Is that. I always found that really easy when I discovered it. Because. You've got your general record anyway, so if you there's a programme on you want to put. Record on, that's fine. But if you do want to tape something into the day's timer and you're not sure if you're going to, you put the number in. And it's just a number, it's not a date, it's not time, it's not channel, it's not when it finishes, it's not. Anything like that, it's just a number. No. You've already got the numbers for typing in anyway. Is after if you look in the newspaper, T_V_ guide, or any T_V_ guide, there's a. Five, six digit number afterwards, and that's the number you put in. And. It's recorded that. It's going to be on on Tuesdays at ten o'clock. On the seventeenth, things like that, so you don't have to worry about dates, and you don't have to worry about times. And it has been around for quite a long time. No, it's not but I think if awareness was kind of. To the forefront about that. So. The functionality of it in the sense that you're sitting there, you're pressing this button and your T_V_'s not doing it. It's. Taking your T_V_ and your remote and saying look this is what I'm doing, it's not working, what should I do? I think so. Instruction manuals But I mean there there's customer service. There will be a customer service number. Thing that you can phone up and speak to, and that way there's no call-out charge, there's no extra. Person has to walk to a shop on the high street. We should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible, because a lot of them are just. Tiny little writing on lots and lots of pages. It does, you just put it in the drawer until something goes wrong and then you try and search through it, so. That should be something to think about. What other functions we need. I'm not sure if we need a design. Decision now. But we should think about. C- 'cause you've got the dilemma between. Batteries, that's what I was thinking about Mobile phone batteries, what kind of battery is that? They la- they they last quite a long time. And if you had. When you th- this thing that you get with mobile house phones. You sit it in its charger when you're not using it, or at night or something, but it doesn't really matter, 'cause it never really runs out, 'cause it lasts a long time once it is charged. Something like that should reduce. Size of it. Yeah, it could be on that. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Rechargeable with a Doppler station. So the rechargeable which you be your. Yeah. Yes, which is cheaper in the long run as well. The c- the shape, you've got trendy,. I d-. Don't want a big box with lots of things. You don't want a tiny sort of. Little thing either, because then you have got the repetitive strain injury matter, how many. How much you try and make it simple. Okay, so we've got a flip screen. It's kind of moulded to your hand anyway. Okay. Can you look into the. Company logo? Things that are associated with the company in view to. Try and incorporate that into the design of the. Product? I mean. For example if. It was a C_ or something like that. You could have it in a vague C_ shape that opens up. Kind of like a shell. Or something. Something along those lines to be able to incorporate it quite. Obviously. Into the design. While also making it quite different from anything else that's there. Well we need to think about how it it's gonna look different. You could do. Different like you get with mobile phones, different cases. You could have different. Kind of casings So you could have like psychedelic ones for. Younger people and. Sleeek ones and. Yeah. 'Kay. Okay. Right, I think we have to round it up. Sure. That was in. Cutting down the number That was kind of separate That was cutting down the number of functions, making it simpler, so instead of having lots of things for in for date. 'S 'kinda takes the place of having a button to press for the date, and having the button to press for the channel, things like that. It could be it c-. Yes, it could be an advert- advertisement feature. Rather than design feature. You know, drawn attention to that. And also paid lip service in the instruction manual. 'Cause it's very simple, so putting it down in words. Should be helpful. Yeah. We've got the buttons, but I think we'll work through that with the design of it. Yes, yes. We've talked about there being an alarm or something, a beeping, if it were being lost. Learning how to use it should be as simple as possible. There aren't gonna be that func- that many functions incorporated into it, so it should be fine. And the. Instruction manual. I don't know if we deal with that. I think. Yeah. And different from what's out there. Yeah. I think that's us. I think you might get guidance, but. In short manuals, 'cause there tends to be a. Demonised thing. There. Everyone's got like a big pile of them, but no one really uses them. Yes, right Okay. Perfect. Okay. I think you can email me if there's any more questions. I've deleted my.
slot1: I see. No. I feel right. Okay. Is it in the right? It's connecting now just a second. It is It has come. Okay. Yeah. Actually some of my points might overlap with what William just mentioned. But basically my method was like. Whatever brainstorming we did in the last meeting. Just took up all valuable points and started developing on that and. There might be some missing loops in this thing, which I think will. Take a feedback from the marketing, because. I haven't had some marketing data, and basically every product is market driven. So purpose, as William already said, I would put it to simplify the interaction with T_V_, to make make it as simple as possible. And to summarise, I I would say it's it should be user friendly by being easy to use. Rather than having a lot of complex buttons, because you can have an engineering driven maybe having hundred buttons,. Maybe having. A remote control which has the main features. Like volume control or channel ch- changing the channel or whatever. But we are to to make it unique. So that people want to buy it, we'll punch in these two features together. So what the concept is to have a flip-top model The main functions such as which are like often used. Will be on the top. And the complex functions which say you you can say like the young generation or trendy generation want to pr-. Say program their d-. Favourite channels or whatever can be put in the. Middle part of the fl- flip top. So. It's like it could be accessed by a wider range of audience. We can punch in new fe- features such as added features such as shock-proof body. And maybe are designed to appeal to. Lot of people. Findings, most people prefer use user-friendly rather than complex remote controls. Because there are times like. People have used a remote control for. Say. A year or something and they they are not used maybe thirty p- to forty percent of. Buttons. So it's no of no use of punching in those trying to put in those things in on the top of the remote control and try to confuse the user. As we saw, we we have to make a profit also So we we can maybe go for an economies of a higher production Like fifty million we said? Yeah With that I think we'll be able to achieve economies of scale also So we can. Add in more features and make it less costly. And. That's So this is If you ask me personally, I would. Make a. Flip top with a trendy design and ps- maybe. We we should look at also like the buttons, whe- whether they are like soft or little hard, because there are times that the buttons tend to be a bit hard. After continuous u- usage and all that. So in overall a simple and. User-friendly design. Any comments like if you want to make. Okay. You can't. Have to. Discount the whole thing It just get faster. You have to push it a bit more. Yup. This is more than enough. Yeah. I think we can pull it out now. Okay. Anything about that on the market research or something like. Regarding whether people want. Combined something like that? Okay. Okay. So are we talking of a single model or maybe. Five, six designs and all that? Okay. Right. The features could be same and the body could look slightly different. So. Yeah. Yeah,. Maybe to as it was indicated the risk of repeated use, the injuries. Maybe your touch screen could be a better option for that. So. Big or b- okay, so you you're dividing designs. Based on. Not only segment, age groups, you're desi- dividing it according to. Countries also, the market. Maybe for U_S_ and all you can have a slightly bigger remote control. And maybe in Japan only you m- need to have a small. Yeah. Could focus on the biggest market. Say people between age group of twenty eight to thirty five are the biggest market, so.   I think it would be too much of an effort for a person to for a phone maybe he might walk down the street. For a remote he will just look at the manual I think. So. Are we talking of a concept of a rechargeable something on or no? Okay. Okay. What I was thinking of a design which Nokia -. Came up with almost six or seven years back. Basically we have a flat one. It it looks like a box, like a chocolate. That's very strenuous because your thumb is slightly up. So they come up with something like this. Curved up, so here. And you don't have to you don't bend your thumb too much. So it's like a, you can say, a banana shaped kind of thing, curved up like a boat. So what happens is you don't have to. Your thumb too down like. So it's already curved up, so your thumb doesn't y- yeah. So we can have a s- like. You know, mould it according to your. The way you h- hold of it's kind of semi-circular in the bottom, something like that. I wouldn't say exactly semi-circular, but yeah, smooth. Put it. But looking backwards. What we were talking is to make it. Rather than like seashell's logo could become means you could put a logo in the corner of. Model. Rather than you know trying to make it like a seashell or what you are tell- telling them. Seashell. Yeah we could. Maybe we could come at some six six designs and then choose which one which one appeals to us the most like. That could be the most common design. We can like think of five, six designs. Yeah And these. Yeah. Right. 
slot2: No Not really, so. Okay yeah I'll go first Can I grab the. Thanks. Do I have to press F_ eight? Right. 'Kay. Maybe. Yep there we go. 'Kay this is the working design presented by me, the Industrial Designer extraordinaire. 'Kay this is where I went a bit mad with PowerPoint so. Well the first thing question I asked was what are we trying to design? Well a device which basically just sends the signal to the T_V_ to change it, say whether that be the power. Or the channel. Or the volume, everything is just. Some sort of signal to change the state of the. T_V_ or other appliance that it's sending the signal to. So I decided I'd have a look at what other people have designed, and try and take some inspiration from that. But although we will want to be taking. Ideas from other people, we wanna make sure that our design stands out and. I thought that was something that. Well it wasn't really my area, because. I'm dealing with the inside really. So. Yeah, I ran out of time, so I couldn't do this one as fun as the last one. And. I found out that most controls use some form of infra-red to send signals to the T_V_ presumably, because. Of the cost issue of something like. The same thing the computers use wireless, and you don't need to send very much information. Most of them are powered by some form of battery. Now our one, I'm I'm not sure whether we want to look at the size issue, because most of them are powered by triple A_ batteries. Those can be quite bulky, so I d- I didn't know if you wanted to look at something else, so we could shrink down the size. Of the control. Yeah, sure. No no, if you if you look at if you look at most remote controls, they're quite they're quite chunky, and that's because of the size of the batteries They have to be. Obviously this certain size to fit those batteries in. Yeah, the the well you ca- you can get the sort of circular round ones, but I'm just wondering about power consumption and how much you need to send. The data across and. Which leads sort of on to the next point about them being small and easy to. Carry round now the ones at the moment are small, but. I was just wondering if we could look at something a bit smaller. Now the main components I came up with were obviously the power source for the batteries, 'cause otherwise it's not gonna work. As I said about the which batteries we were gonna choose. We can discuss that later And then you obviously need something. To decode the information that you're putting in. From th-. Controller and to turn it into an eye infrared signal. Which we're going to use to send. Information Now these have a wireless range of up to about five metres, which is. Sort of suitable for anyone who's watching their T_V_ in their own a cinema. Which not most people do, so as we're appealing to the most. Audience, that should be fine And then I was just. Had a quick look at the external design, but I d-. I left that mostly to the. Interface Designer. And so this is what I had as the basic idea of what we wanna do It's not. A proper circuit. I'm not sure if it'll work or not I'm not even confident that that's the real. The real way you'd wire it up But anyway, we've just got the the. Power going to. Infrared bulb with a chip and the. U_I_ interface. Which would basically when you when you pressed anything, it would the chip would convert it into some form of infrared data, which could be decoded by the T_V_ receiver. Which obviously means that. We're gonna have to conform to. Whatever. Whatever form of communication that the T_V_s are already using, and since that that's another user- reason to use infrared, because that's what all T_V_s use at the moment. And then finally. We want. The it to be available to a wide audience at a low cost. So all the components. I've put forward are. Lowering costs, so that that should be good. It should should be different enough. From the alternative products to get a good consumer base, we were talking about it before. And also just something that I was thinking about, because they're small, they're also easy to lose, so if we could look into some way of. Know, some anti-. Going down the side of the sofa. Thing that you could have I that that was just sort of a general point there. That's. Yeah. Alright, okay. And. Yeah, that's that's what I came up with there. So if you wanna. Yep. That's okay. Function F_ eight, yeah. No no, yeah it's just. Yeah. Yeah. There we go I've got a bit more. There we go. He should be able to make it a little bit bigger by then. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I do- well I don't know 'cause the if you've g- i-. Yeah If yeah and if you've got if you've got a Sky. Box, one of those Sky Plus boxes now, you can record straight off the T_V_ anyway, so on to on to like the. T_V_ hard drive or something. Yeah. Yeah. Just as an idea on the speech recognition thing. It would probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing and they're not that great anyway. Right. Okay. Yeah. But on on that again I just thought 'cause you can get those key-chains now and you whistle. And then it'll let off a loud noise to let you know where it is. So I thought that. Could be quite a. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well y- yeah you could you could have a number of different designs I mean inside they'd be essentially exactly the same. Just. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's what I was just. Yeah. No, well no, 'cause you wouldn't have to You don't actually have to press anything, just. Yeah. Yeah. But also ergonomics, as we were saying with the different designs ergonomics. Is sort of physically different things 'cause. If you've ever seen the X_ Box, they had to make two different sized controllers because people in Japan wouldn't buy it because the controller was physically too big, because. They're cut just generally Japanese people have smaller hands, so they couldn't. Get round the controller, which is. So if you. I don't know what, 'cause you obviously you could have bigger buttons for some countries or something and. Smaller ones for others. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I was just thinking about how you could combat that, 'cause. Without. Without doing. Something where you have to move your arm around to change the channel and it becomes, yeah, s-. Yeah, speech recognition, but. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Video plus. Yeah, yeah. Just whacking in a number. You wou- yeah. And you wouldn't you wouldn't need a a whole host of extra buttons for that, you'd just need one, 'cause you've already got the numbers there anyway, yeah. Yeah. It's been been around for a long time, it's just it's not very well advertised as to how to use it and things. So if if you've got something like Sky anyway you can just click on it, you can just press the button on the programme. Once and it'll record that programme when it's on, and you press it on it twice and it'll record the whole series. So. That yeah. But just to have that function would be would be really good. Yeah. But the only problem is that with a mobile phone you sign for a contract so they the companies. Who. Who you deal with have actually they've they've got an obligation to to help you out and also. I mean it's it's fair enough to have some sort of help service but I I'm not sure how much. Cost would be for that thing. Yeah, I mean. I mean instru- instruction books I feel, yeah I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, they should be. Yeah. Yeah. They're. Specially made for the. For the mobile phones But they come with a charger I mean you could you could bundle a charger in with the phone. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and if yeah if you if you had if you had one of those just coming back to your other point about pressing the button and setting off the bleeper in the room, that could. Yeah, on that. As well So. Yeah, some sort of docking station, or. Yeah. Yeah, yeah That. Yeah, that that would be fine And also that would mean they wouldn't have to go out buying batteries all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  
slot3: No, that's okay, sorry. Is it okay if I postpone that till later, I just want to get access to a little bit more information, is that okay? Can I can I interject to ask a question there, is that appropriate? You think the triple A_ batteries are small or d- are the carr-. Circuiter board? Right, triple A_s are the smallest you can get, aren't they? I see. Okay. That's a very important point, it came up in our market research findings too, so I can refer to that. Whenever you'd like me to present. Still further. Plug hasn't come out at the. Bottom of it, no. To adjusting. Have I got to keep this here? What's the matter? I'll have to I'll have to move it, won't I? Whoops. It manage. Bit more? Dear. Is that okay? Thank you Just pull it closer a little bit. Get it right over, thank you. OK. I'm going to look at the functional requirements from the marketing point of view. And obviously our starting point with marketing is always market research. So that's where we started. We used our our usability lab, the company's usability lab. We did our usual selection methods to get a cross section of the general public, male and female, all age groups from fifteen upwards. And we observed them in the lab, just their general use of the remote control, you can see we had a hundred subjects there. Our findings, lots of findings, I've just summarised some of them here. Overall thing which I've I've got at the top there in italics is that users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls, that has obvious design implications there. We found that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. We were quite surprised by that finding, but. That's quite a high proportion of our our you know international target group are prepared to spend more money for something that's a bit nicer looking. Current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user overall. For example you can see below there seventy five percent of users zap a lot, so you've got your person sunk back in the sofa channel hopping. So again that's power implications there. Fifty percent of users only use ten percent of the buttons, so again a big design issue there. And possibly we can also cut back on cost if we don't have so many functions actually on the remote control. Biggest frustrations that people found with regard to personal preferences were something that you you mentioned earlier. Remote controls are often lost in the room, it's the slipping down the back of the sofa type of thing. Fifty percent were. We're. Particularly frustrated by that. Thirty four percent of people take said they take too much time to learn to use, and I think that ties in with the the previous finding of people only using ten percent of the buttons, they just can't be bothered to learn about the other functions. Slightly more than a quarter of people said it was bad for repetitive strain injury. You know those small movements of the remote control can lead to kind of shoulder and elbow problems. The vast majority of the thirty five and under age group. Would like a liquid crystal display. And speech recognition Again that was to aid, I think, in. When they've lost the actual remote control. Some kind of speech recognition. Something we didn't put to them, but which I'm thinking of now, is. Even if perhaps the lost control can give off a bleep every now and again until you find it or a flashing light. Possibly. That trend reverses in the older age groups So thirty fives and unders who would like those two features, that kind of evens out thirty five to forty five. And in the older age group it kind of reverses, they're not so bothered with this. I had marvellous tables and things that I could show you, but I think I'll just keep it simple If there's any more information I can email you extra details Is that okay? So can we not program a video with this remote control? Channel hopping. Would that imply video? Yes. Yes. We didn't really look into that, but remember we found that finding that most people only use about ten percent of the buttons. I think that those did tend to be the basic channel hopping things and on and off for the video, fast forwarding, so on And I think it's sort of general knowledge that people do find programming their videos a nightmare. So I don't know if that's something we need to look at. In fact I've just called up that table there We asked those two questions The table relates to both questions, so we didn't differentiate Would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen, that's a multi-function remote,. And would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control? So you can see. How the the yes no sort of varies across the age group there A substantial number of don't knows in the older age group, I think that's just general fear of new technology. Right. Yeah. It's a super idea. Yeah. Yes Further market research will be needed to kind of focus on what that is It's gonna be different for a fifteen year old than for somebody who's sixty And also across the world, if we're aiming at the international market. What is attractive to a trendy New Yorker and what is attractive to a retired South African. I dunno. You get the idea. So it's gonna vary around the world At the end of the day. The the engineering design is one thing It's the user interface design that may and that the sort of, you know, fashionable aspect of it we might have to change for different markets around the world. Yeah. Yes, it will appeal to sections of the market, yeah. Yeah. The internal engineering design has got to remain the same, yes, absolutely. I'm concerned when you raised the the R_S_I_ issue, again repetitive strain injury. I don't think just moving your finger around on a small screen is going to deal with that enough, I think that is still a kind of question mark as to how we deal with that. R_S_I_ tends to be caused by repetitive small movements. I really can't get my head around this one This may have to be postponed to a future meeting, but it's something we should think about. I know and it becomes ridiculous, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Do we have to initially. You know looking at the findings here. Focus on. A younger age group initially and then broaden out the market later? Do we really have to go for everyone right away? And when we've been throwing up our ideas we're automatically talking about business people, young people, trendy people. I'm just thinking of budgetary issues too,. For when it does get to the sort of broad scale marketing stage we want to you know not. Waste money, not be profligate. And. You know, focus on where the idea will be taken up first It's most likely to be taken up first of all, where the main purchasing power is coming from for a product like this. I've not come across that function, but it sounds wonderful. Right. Sorry. Yeah. What's it. Yes. Right. Excellent. Right. Can I just run this past you while it occurs to me? I don't mean to quickly jump from one subject to another, but just discussing the different age groups and targeting the different age groups. It occurs to me, we already produce our own mobile phones, that that's kind of what led us on to comparing T_V_ remote controls with with their design features. Chain companies like Carphone Warehouse, you can pop in any time with a phone that you've bought for them if you've got any problems with it and they'll fix it, they'll phone the company, you can use their telephones. Is it worthwhile with with our retail outlets having a a similar kind of service, so that if older users were deterred from buying this, if they know they can just pop into one of our high street outlets. You know which button is it I press for this, that that's a free that's a free aspect of our service, would that not make it more attractive to them? Right. Alright. If it was something as simple as you couldn't change the channel, but I mean for if there were any more. Or are we absolutely definite it's only gonna be for T_V_ and video, not gonna be, okay. Just a thought. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Not for such simple functions because we're focusing on that, yes, okay. 'Cause people are reading them, so they just do the obvious, yes. Sure. Okay. And we don't w- I mean so many remote controls look absolutely identical, these long brown things with the same coloured buttons all crammed in on the s- the surface We definitely an o- an obvious thing, a very simple thing is to get away from these brown rectangles. We don't want that. Curved Curved.. I think so, yes. And look at the lobster. I think that's that sounds a really attractive idea I've not come across anything like that before. If it kind of yeah and that opens out into your flip top and it's nice t- to - you can make it lightweight plastic, nice to hold in the palm of the hand. Just because you're having to actually insert in between the two covers that's gonna take care of some of the repetitive strain injury, try and p- prevent a lot of it I would think. I think it's a really nice idea. And plas- you can get. Even though we're using plastic, you can still I mean think of the designs you can get in plastic, you can do a nice conch shell. Or scallop shell. Exterior. Yeah. Less chance of it being lost too, it's not like a chocolate brown lollipinge that's gonna go down the sofa People might want to put it on their mantle piece or whatever as a k- if it looks attractive enough. As a kind of ornament, and they don't they're not gonna lose it so much, are they, if it's. Easy, it's a bit nice to handle. Okay, great. Can I just quickly go over the new project requirements so that I haven't missed anything So there's no teletext, it's only for T_V_ and by implication video. Corporate image should be incorporated in the remote control. Something about Video Plus. Right. Right. So when they press for programming you - it comes up on the L_C_D_ a reminder about using Video Plus? So that they will look at the guidin'. Or is is this nothing to do with the project requirements? Is this just that was an add-on feature? -. Right. Right. So it's kind of doing away with the programming feature? Right. And the rechargeable batteries Was there anything else there that we. The new project requirements? That's not at the moment a requirement, it's something we're looking at, what preference So it may come round to market research at some point to see what people want. Okay. What would you specifically like marketing to look at before the next meeting, or shall I just sort of generally look at all the issues involved? Okay. Okay. Questionnaire four. We're at lunch time now I think.