slot0: If you leave them on the whole time, you get to look like a noodle the whole time. Is that three? Three, apparently. Okay, you all switched on. And we're good to go Okay. Minutes we decided to use a kinetic charger. Standard chip. 'Cause it can come in various different sizes, it wasn't. Gonna be a problem factor. We wanted a stand-by function. The case material's gonna be soft, rubbery,. Changeable. Buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber, according to the design. Bright funky designs,. Inspired by fruit,. Keeping with the hip kind of. Feel. And to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we. Find out more about the cost of things like that. And the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_. 'Kay. Prototype presentation. I think that would be you. Make sure you can. Yes, yes, you can, wait so I'll get it out. Okay. Okay. Should have one of those things that you can just take off. Style. 'kay. Right, okay, yeah. Yeah. So put it in the top section rather than bottom section, 'cause it's the top that's. 'Kay. Very interesting. Excuse me. 'Kay. Actually no, it would be it would have to be the line. On the front. Right, yeah, okay Yeah, I've got it. No point checking Yes, yeah. That makes sense. Okay. But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product, with the. Okay. Thank you very much, yeah. Wrapping it all up Okay. I've now got evaluation criteria. Sure it's to be presented Yeah, just a sec. It's quite similar to what it was before though. Sorry. Exactly. Just write smaller. Criteria. Yeah, okay. I would agree. Just go up Okay. Okay. I'd say a two. Two seven five, there we go. Okay, criteria B, criterion B_. Just two point five for that one. I would say a two. I would say a two. Just put almost two, because one point seven, five, okay? Are we. One. Well the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half,. The material, is. Mice is R_S_I_, it's meant to. Maybe because it's slightly with the size that we've got, it's quite small, but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it, isn't that much. So maybe because there's more space, it's not kind of moving around, trying to. Hit accurately, the buttons in between It's quite obvious, just. Big buttons. Four. A four, okay. In the other room or of T_V_s in different rooms and. Standard,. It would be, yeah. And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in, then you realise that it wasn't in that room, and you go into another room. One. Don't think so. I think we yeah. Sorry, sorry. Much, apart from having a huge big. That's it. 'Kay, thank you. Okay, I've got finance here now I'm gonna plug this in so you can all see it, if that's okay. Cool. Right. Now I presume. That the screen will go blank. That. Okay We just type. Numbers into this and we come out with the final value. So. We're still on for kinetic? Okay. See it would have been handy to have this at the beginning. It might have influenced our choice. Right, what's happening with the electronics? B_ five? Right, okay. Thanks. So would there be two. One chip? Okay. One double curve? So what's a single curve then? So just one double. Yeah. And. We've got plastic and rubber, haven't we? Eleven. And. Do you think? Okay. It would be like saying we're using. See, it says case material. So. We're not actually using plastic in the case, what do you mean? It's including, it's including. There. There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing. So do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there? Okay, we'll just put it in as we'll put it in as half. Sh- we should just put it in as one, because the plastic is zero anyway. We don't stick it on anyone's toes. Okay, special colour, do we need that? Might do Yeah, okay. Interface. Buttons,. S-. Is that all gone up? No it was seven five, it's. Changed Not at all. It's not calculated yet. Okay, there we go. We want though. We haven't been de- we haven't been dealing with dollars though, I think. Okay, so the highest we've got is the electronics here. And the interface. I'll adjust the volume. Where's the. Where's the voice recognition? Right, okay. Well, the kinetic is three If we change it to the battery, it's that's minus three. Right. Keeps things even. We can do it some other way We can do it doesn't have to be voice recognition We could do the voice recognition for. You know, b-. Business class or something, you know, like a. Upgraded version, sort of You could choose to have that or not. So shall we just change the design specification then? Yes. Okay, we can. Make the price fit And then say if we'd had our budget, we would have had this, because it also sets it apart from the crowd They like their gadgets They like something that's completely different. It's some completely different associated with your company. Right, okay So. Two point five No, it's. Twelve point two five. Sorry, d-. Yeah, well two Twelve point two five times two is. Twenty five. I think the agenda one was where the price was, isn't it? No. Twelve point five. Un-dumpled. Un-dumpled. So is that got us covered for the electronics then? We don't need something else to take that place. Okay. Okay. Right So we've done that. Okay. Product evaluation. We've done room for creativity, haven't we? 'Cause we've got decisions that we would have made that we won't. Didn't feel able to make. Presume we discuss leadership and teamwork? In the sense that. Did you feel like a team or did you feel like. A. Me? Thank you. How did you find it? Yeah. Yeah. I like the fact. We could say an idea and it'd be. Suggested that there wasn't the best idea, but no one felt like shot down. You know, you it didn't matter saying what you thought, because if it wasn't. Something that was la- relevant, then it didn't matter 'cause it was just another idea in the field I liked that, yeah. Teamwork, well you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh. Model. I'm still not caught up. But that's nothing to do with the teamwork at all. Maybe. Yeah. That was quite fun. Means, whiteboard, digital pens, et cetera, what does that mean? Any ideas? Had time to kind of. Yeah, 'cause we could just sort of say, sorry, what did you say about that, or what do you think about that, rather than having to email it, yeah. But it was nice having it there. Like the whole picture of the thing. Yeah, I think it's new ideas in general as well. Yeah. Well they have to come from somewhere, don't they? As sh- as w- Sorry Go. As was shown by. Your presentation, with all of the other. Controls, remote controls, no one's thought about it. Particularly I mean they're slightly different, so someone's been shut in a room and said, my car's a bit different from everyone else's, 'cause there's. Something we should think about. But obviously no one's put any great deal of thought into it. But then when it. Really smart. And you've just got this big chunk of black thing sitting on your coffee table, it doesn't go, I mean, if you could have something that's a proper funky thing, a funky item, that's individual individual to you, I mean they could even go into. You go in with an idea, and they design it on Photoshop, and then they just get it printed on the plastic. You would pay you'd pay a lot extra, because. It's individually being a plastic was being made for you. But. People could have have anything that they wanted. As a product. Yes. Yeah. It's innovation for money's sake. That that people have to keep buying. Yeah. And you can't get you've got your handset that works fine, but you can't get the battery anymore for that type of phone, because the phones have moved on, things like that. Yes. Smartness. In closing. Our costs are below budget,. With recommendations that they the budget be increased. But I think I don't know, d- what do you think? Do you think that takes into account. Overheads? Like us being well-paid kind of a thing. And the heating for the building, do you think our budget includes everything, all the costs that are going out? So it looks well it looks like it's gonna be fifty percent profit, you've still got all of the overheads to come out of that So maybe increasing it. You would also have to increase the price they. Sold at. But I think but you were saying that that's quite. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A shame it won't ever get made Maybe it will Maybe someone else will under- patent it. The project has been evaluated well and truly. And. We've got the meeting summary and questionnaire. So we've got about fifty minutes. To catch up with everything that I fell behind with So I'll be delegating. In my role as Project Supervisor. So good luck. I think the celebration is the twenty five pounds. Or we'll be dancing on the desk. So. Yeah, just the last I think. Think I've got minutes for two of the meetings and the. Last thingy. Question we've done. I think.
slot1: Yeah. Yeah. It's like. Yeah. So. Right. Looks. Crazy. Where are the hinges? Yep. Like. Black and white touch screen And people can. S- yeah. Okay. I'm under the sofa. Okay, that would be too complicated. Infrared could be here also. Yeah, yeah. Bottom, yeah. So whenever it's even if it's open here. The signal will go through. Right here. Power on, okay. Just. Look up, like that. Okay. So this is the one. Evaluation. I think this is also a good shape. Yeah. Perfect. Is it everybody's going to evaluate or just the market? So you can. I would. I would say four. Is that. I think yeah. Sorry, I I got it wrong. The first one rating, I'm sorry. Can you just make it two? The first yeah, I I just thought it that way. In a a. Yep, I just got it. Just consider. Two. One is equal to true, seven is false, so a. Two. Two. One point seven. No. White with the plastic or blue. Any. Because you'll be having a. Because of the rubber case. One. Four. Recognition, yeah. Want me to unplug that? It's all use. 'Kay. On print. On the. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Single coat. Two coats, yeah. Single-curved. And rubber. Yeah. Plastic one and maybe rubber point five. I think rubber, since it's being used just as a casing, we can put point five. Yeah, because there are. I think it allows point five, yeah? We can use that. Means we are not using a lot of rubber actually We are using just. Very low quantity of rubber. Compared to plastic. Push-button. One. One. I think we could change the battery also, instead of going for kinetic, how about going for a standard battery? And go flat. It's just prices wise just. Say. I think it's in Euro only. Going to. Yeah. But I feel these customers never said anything about the battery and all It's internal, nobody looks into the battery. But shape and colours, that's something we should take. Is that special form?. Expensive. Yeah, we're close to the budget. Two five. It's twelve point five Euro. I don't remember, but it said fifty percent is a cost. So half of the price would be. I think it is the first one. So we are under the budget. Seems fine. Except voice recognition everything is. Yeah. I think we had a nice time. Yeah I think it is. Very constructive feedback by everybody. It's not like people trying to cut to each other. It's more of through cohesive teamwork we came to a very pretty. Creative design, yeah. And. Yeah I think and Sarah you co-ordinated the work very well. Yeah. I think that was the best part of the. Interesting. Yeah, but didn't like moving around the room. I think it's good, like. We spend times individually. I never thought of a remote control. The flip top. That's mine. It's. The thing is. Sorry guys, sorry. Surprising thing is like people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones. Like every. Month you see a new launch or something like that. And new television products coming up, but nobody giving a much idea to this Like, so we're studying everything's. How's it going? Yeah, I think. Yeah. It is. Yeah. The final questionnaire. Celebration, you didn't talk about that. Yes.
slot2: Okay. Yep, only two. Yes. Is that is that for us? Okay. Yeah, shall I show? I'll show. Do you do you wanna do you wanna sh-. Do you wanna hold it and I'll. I'll show you the presentation Can I just nick your. Whoa. Getting a bit crazy over here. Thank you. 'Kay, so this is our look and feel presentation, the final our final presentation. And. We'll first look at the exterior of what we've come up with over there. It's gonna have a a plastic body. With a sort of standard colour, either we're thinking someth- something fairly neutral like a. A white or a light blue or something This is underneath the. Rubberised. The rubberised outer casing. Which there'd be sort of a wide choice They would be attached. But we can we couldn't come up with that. The wide choice of colours and sort of patterns, so you've got you've got a lot of customisation with it. It's obviously in a sort of clamshell design. And. The. The top L_C_D_ screen that you can see there would would be sort of. How do you say it's. Yeah, yeah, it would be sort of in-set into the into the top, and the buttons at the bottom would d- so so it'll fully close. Flat. Yeah. Yeah. And working on the inside we've. Already said decided on the kinetic batteries. Which. Actually thinking about it now, you could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well, so that you could probably get a bit of. Yeah. Yeah. We decided that the voice recognition system it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in. And they were fairly easy to get ahold of, so we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap, so you'd have something like well you'd shout out where where is the remote? And. It'll shout back, I'm here or something. And then yeah. It w- it won't shout out I'm here or something It'll just shout out I'm here. Or something to similar effects. Yeah, if it was getting that. Well that that could be something for next time. Maybe. You can have a remote that tells you exactly where it is. The stand there's be. Standard transmission with the T_V_ using using all the standard chips that we've talked about. It would it would have obviously, 'cause it's split over two. Two different layers, it would need two separate P_C_B_s that would be joined at the hinge. Through some sort of cabling. And. Because. Obviously all T_V_s use this the same infra-red medium, we'd just be. Using using the same thing to transmit the data, and the. Infra-red. Sender would be on the. On one of the bot- the bottom layer, just at the front of the. Haven't I don't think we actually put it on. Yeah, yeah somewhere like there. Yeah, on the front, on the front side of that, yeah. So when you've actually got it open, it would be facing the T_V_. And then finally on to the interface. The top screen, as we said, is would be an in-set. Black and white L_C_D_ touch screen, which. Yeah, would. Have. All of all of the the available functions. For for the remote. On it, whereas the b- the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons,. Like the vo- volume up and down, channel up and down, power on and off. And things. To that effect. And now we've we also decided on the inside we could possibly. Either have. Some some kind of sort of bezelled. Logo on it or something inset, or maybe an engraving of the logo. On the top. No, d- not not actually. No, not interfering with the the whole look of the the the product when it's. Out on the thing And. Finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics, as that is. That's the company logo. There we go. Here we go. Sorry. Yeah. Just. Yeah, so you can. Yeah. Yeah, I'd. Yeah, I'd probably put it. Two. Yeah, two or three No, three Three. Yep. Yeah Yeah. I'd give it a one. No, no, not at all. Two. Two. Yeah. B_ yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, the the base colour was. White or or like or sort of a light blue, but the changeable fe- faces would allow you to get any basically. Any one of a number of colours it it's full sort of customi-. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And. No, no, 'cause it that's that's the. Spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it, that th- otherwise it's just sort of hard plastic. Yeah, I'll give it a one as well. Yeah. No. Yeah. Meant to be. Yeah. Yeah I'd I'd f- I'd go for a five actually. 'Cause. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, it was it was a a voice. Voice recognition, yeah. Yeah, yeah that. Yeah, that was feasible. I think it would. I think it would probably be a. A stand- it would be a stand. And it would be quite loud. So it would be a st-. Yeah. Yeah, one. I do realise that we might be being fairly biased 'cause it is our product, but. I thin- yeah, I think. Yeah. 'kay. I think. Yeah. Is it regular chip on print and. No no no, the. Yeah, it's. You you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells There should just be one. In the top, it's the number of. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, and. Yeah, just no, one reg-. Yeah, one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker. No double curve. No. Two, 'cause it's two. Yeah, I'd say I'd say it was. Yeah, I think I think it's. One double-curved. And what no, 'cause one. Yeah, one's double-curved, and then the other one's. Plastic. Yeah. In special colour. Yeah. Yeah. No no, that's it sounds an extra. So that shouldn't that shouldn't be actually on there, because that's not incorporated in the cost of the remote, you get. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, the push-buttons one and L_C_ display one. Button. Well y- I. Yeah. No, well I d-. No no, you've got to click off to calculate it again. It might. You might you might be assuming that that is in Euros It could be in Dollars. Then we'd be fine because the exchange rate would make it about twelve. Yeah. Yeah, the standard it would make one difference. Biggest one would be taking away if you took away. Yeah. I- if you take away the voice I I don- I don't like to say it, but if you take away the voice recognition then you've got it. Yeah, no 'cause. It's samples sensor sample speaker. Took away that, that'll make it twelve point three five. They. No, yeah, but you've p-. Minus three plus two. Yeah. But they but I mean. In the. I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now, because they they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for a better product. Yeah. We c- we could. Yeah, we could say. Yeah, I s-. And then say, we recommend. Yeah. Yeah. That'll do. Twelve point. Three five Okay. Is it twelve point fifty? Is it twelve point fifty? Okay. Yep. 'Cause that that was just a bolt on extra, you could just take that out. And it would be fine. Yeah. I think that's pretty much it. Yeah. Yes. I'd say as a team. Yeah. Find out from each other, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no I thought i- it went really well. And. I yeah I I feel that everyone was listened to and. All the points that were raised. Seemed to have been. Sorted out. Though we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there, but that's that's good. I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually. F- if if we'd seen the marketing before. The initial specification was put out, I think. Maybe it would have. Come out a little different, but. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Discuss which ones. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think we probably would've used the actual email system more had we actually. Had had more time, and if we'd been. Separated more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Vegetables. Yeah. No. Yeah. I don't. I don't think the the companies are really concerned They're just like. We've got a D_V_D_ player Does anyone remember the remote control? Can't you get the one that we used for the last one? Yeah, just jazz it up a bit. They don't really think about it, because normally the remote control isn't the product which they're trying to ship, they're trying to ship the D_V_D_ player, the video player, the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well. I think that was just the the physical. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think. Yeah I don't From the market research. No. Yeah it was. S-. It's top secret. Well it's it is this conspiracy going on here. In your yeah. Okay Is that it then? Awesome.
slot3: Is that someone's? 'Kay. Something. All done. Certainly. Done. 'Kay. Oops. Okay. This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a. Product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research. So this is the first stage of the evaluation. Now the collection of the criteria as we saw in our previous meeting was based on the user requirements and trends. Found in the marketing reports and marketing strategies. Strategy of our company So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting, are we actually meeting those trends and requirements. Now the findings that we came up with, just a recap, are here The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel,. Technological innovation. It should be easy to use. It should incorporate current fashion trends, and those the two main ones there were the spongy texture,. And the fruit and vegetable strong design colours. The design should minimise R_S_I_. And be easy to locate, and we were still. Slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there, though that did seem to be the favoured strategy, but there was also on the sideline the thought of maybe having a beeper function. Okay, so we can come back to that slide if you don't have a note of those I'll just show you how we're going to evaluate. Our own feedback to this, to what we have so far. We're going to use a seven point scale, where one is true and seven is false We'll look at each of those criteria that I've just mentioned, I'll call that slide back up. And I will just. A preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here. Does that seem clear? Any questions there? So we're going to look at these criteria. Yes We're going to come to we'll discuss each one and we'll come to. Consensus rating between one and seven. Okay One is true, seven is false. Right. So I won't write all of that out again It will just be criteria one two three four five six, or A_B_C_D_E_F_, to confuse it with the number rating. B_C_D_E_F_. This is where I realise how tiny I actually am. And rating. Actually it might be an idea if we each did give our own individual rating and we could take an average at the end. End How about that? Okay. So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques, and if we go one, two, three, four, we know who's who. Okay. Criteria. A_, the fancy look and feel How do we feel about this prototype model? Relating to fancy It is a fancy look and feel One is true, seven is false My own rating for that would be a two. One is true and seven is false. Okay. Two? A four, okay. Adding those up, we've got six and a five, eleven, divided by four is what. Two and three quarters? Is that right? Two and three quarters? Okay. Two point seven five There we go. Okay, criteria. Technologically innovative. I would give that a three. Okay. Not that you're biased. The designer. A two. The average? Or for you? You want your rating to be a two? Is that what you're saying? So I'll work out the average for that again at the end It's a very slightly altered. Okay. And we're just waiting for your rating. Two point five, okay. Losing one decimal place, that's okay. So, your rating for this one, Pav? Two, okay. So that is eight, that brings it down to two, nice and simple. Okay. Ease of use, easy to use,. Based on what you've said there, I would say a one. Two. Two. A two, okay. Two. I should have said a two to make the arithmetic easier. If we want to really bring it down, we can do later. One more. Now we're looking at. It incorporates current fashion trends Now that's particularly in relation to our market research findings about. Spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours. Right. So I'm just thinking, before I give it my rating, you. Were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here Is this actually going to be the colours that you would use? So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours, and that's what we're intending to do. Okay And the spongy feel is no problem with that? 'Cause it's. Okay. In that case, it's got to be a one for me. Everybody? Okay. That part was nice and easy. Okay. Moving on to, does the design minimise repetitive strain injury? I don't think we've really touched on that a lot We've we've discussed it We haven't really come up with anything that. We felt could feasibly reduce that We've talked about pointers, but the very use of a remote control, if you're someone who's zapping, who's sitting like that, and we found so many people did, how do you minimise that on such a small device?. I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that and give it a four. A five, okay. Four and. Twenty one, is that twenty one? So that's four point two five. And finally, last but not least. Easy to locate Now we talked about voice recognition, we talked about a beeper Have we really have the designers come to any. Real decision on that? It was the I hear thing. Yeah. And we're happy with the costs on that That is going to be feasible cost-wise. Sounds good then I'd go for ac- we can adjust the volume on that, just as we could volume on T_V_. Okay. Built into the features. Okay. Logical. So that's a one for me. One. And one Good. So. How do we feel about this? We've got our our we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications, that is definitely true, for two. Of the six criteria there,. That is for. Incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to look at. The lowest rating we've got, which is really n- it's not terribly low, it's it's close around neutral,. Is for the minimisation of repetitive strain injury. Do we feel on the basis of the of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it, or do we have to make further modifications? We're happy to go ahead. Yeah, I'm sorry. I think for most of those ratings it is high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that, and I really doubt if. On the basis of current technology and our current capabilities, we could actually do much more to minimise that. I know. Okay And I hope that's clear to the team Is there anything you would like to to ask me about the findings that I. Summed up? So, good. I'm then a bit nervous, yes. It has a slightly flattened bottom so it can sit so it can rest. We could just do a flat bottom. Bottom with one curve and the top with a dome. The other curves at the sides, but it's slightly flattened at the bottom so it doesn't roll over. Yeah. Five for that. S-. Right. 'Kay. But it is gonna be part of the total cost and there's nowhere else we can we can put that in, is there? Aubergeines and. Such like colours. Is that not made any d- if you click off that. Not made any difference? It's brought it slightly down. So it is is uncurved completely and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing, is that going to make a difference? It's not made any difference, has it? It's gone up again It's gone up again. It's brought it down slightly. Is there anything on the menu that. No. If we tra-. If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries, would that make a huge difference? People are used to buying batteries They're not gonna say you're not getting this 'cause you've got to buy a battery in your remote control. Shall we see what difference it makes? Sample speaker. But we are still working to. Size spec-. We can put in our recommendations If we're if we're working to head office specifications, as this is what this project team's working for, we can put in our recommendations for what we've we've found. And I think the voice recognition sounds wonderful, but our object is so distinctive that that in itself is gonna make it easier to locate. You know, in a first instance. As you say, we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers and so on. 'Cause we've done all the background work to go for that if they want to. Yeah. So if we take voice recognition out. Yeah. Are you sure? Not meaning to doubt your words there. Are they going to really quibble about ten P_? Point zero one of a Euro? Which is less than ten P_. That's today's. Okay, come on, you toinal. I thought that's what it was. So we're okay. Our separate tasks, there was so much interaction, so much that we needed to bounce off of each other. And I've certainly felt heard, listened to,. And that in relevant areas we've been able to, you know, give and take, and I'd just our remit if we're necessary. Maybe we should think of branching out into children's toys and fake mobile phones as a side line. Fake R_C_s. How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information? Could it have been better? Was it adequate? Yeah. It's really borrowing from other areas, it's you know bringing things from other areas in it so it's I mean nothing is new. But it's applying it to ad- in a different area. No. Absolutely, yeah. The D_V_D_ player, the video player, the T_V_. I think it's really good that this has been very market research based, because. Just going back to mobile phones, I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really, you know, say is is obvious and visible. We see it in mobile phones a lot, and that that's where we've borrowed a lot of ide- ideas from. There are innovations in that that people don't really want. I see people wanting a model of the phone they were really happy with and they can't get it anymore, and it's innovation for innovation's sake, and. I think it's wonderful that our company's so R_ and D_ based. Yeah. But forcing it onto people, yeah, things that, you know, they might want to buy the thing they really want. Yeah. There isn't a cover to fit it, on one of them. Yeah. I think it was just the produ- just the production costs of the phone. I think in the remit that we were given, it was very specific I think we've done what we're required to do and I think well that'd be another project team or a new project for us to look at, at those kind of things I don't think that's something we have to look at and find a way of raising the cash for. We've done very well to get within budget and it still makes such an innovative. Item. That I think people are really gonna want. Maybe it will Maybe the organisers steal our ideas. Wow. I didn't have to rate you on how much you influenced the meeting this time. Right But.