slot0: Okay, is everybody ready? I take it you all have received instructions as to what you were supposed to do. And. I think the Marketing Manager probably should go first. Addressing the needs and desires. Yeah,. Okay. Your participant four? Okay, and now I can full screen. Full screen. Yeah.. Kay. Okay. 'Kay. Okay, can can I at this point interject something? We have received instruction from higher up that certain things should not be considered. The one thing for example something to eliminate maybe, that's the teletext, because that's sort. Of updated. With the internet. And according to to higher management. The it should only control the T_V_. Mostly because they feel that it's too clump- complex a task to to. To include other things. And they're concerned with the time to market. Okay. And the and the third thing that they wanna make sure that their that the corporate image is being maintained and that the corporate colour and design are being used on the product, so that it's easy that that. That they can be easily identified as a product of of of the company and that there's no mistake that it could be somebody else who is bringing this out. So I just wanted to check this here so we're not gonna too much off track here with the. With the things we wanna look at These were instructions from higher up, so we have to eliminate these things So it's only gonna be T_V_. But the one thing maybe that could be eliminated, the teletext idea. Okay. Okay. And. Who would be next. I guess that would be you. You want me to get your slide show up? You are number three? Number two. Third. Okay. Signal. That's already been elim- yeah. So we're off the hook. Well. Well we already yeah we've been there, done that So. That's unfortunately a mute point now. Yeah. Just build a mould basically and you know. The budget we're looking at if you build one mould I don't think that's gonna make a big difference whether it's gonna be square or. Yes. I think I think we we'll have to look at the budget on that, but I think in principle that that would be that would be kind of fun, you know. Yeah. Silly for children Like an animal Yeah. Yes. A little elderly, a little arthritic hand you know and and it's a small button and and they they don't press it exactly you know something else happens n- not their favourite channel comes up but something else and they're very frustrated you know. Yes. Coming on. Yeah you're sitting there on radio maybe you have no other. Okay. Holder, yeah. Okay. You don't have to. This one? And. You are number two? Three. Would you want it full full screen? Okay.. On on the remote..  Timer, yeah. Okay. Now. On my slide show, basically we already we have already done the agenda. And on the closing basically there would be lunch break and all that However,. The decision we have to take in this meeting is. Who is our target group? And. What function, working design,. How how does it work? So these are the two things we should come up with with. So. The first thing is prob- maybe a little easier on the who is our target group. I guess in many ways everybody. Everybody who has a T_V_. Yeah, and I think today there are probably not many people who don't have a T_V_. They are a few, but in general not. Now talking about the target group, which is in a sense everybody, but I think within the target group we have sub-groups. We have we have earlier it was mentioned about for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands So I think that's one group that's certainly important. Then we have just the nervous people who can never press a little button on anything. Unless it's really very clear. And I don't know how much we want to cater to children's use I mean that's a question. Whether that's. Important that children can really use it or not. So this these are just some thoughts I have on it and I don't know what you feel about. Whether we can just say we have one target group. And for this one target group we're gonna design this one thing. Or whether we're looking at what we like we we talking about different shapes. Whether that different shape also includes maybe different. Buttons. For. Different groups. That has a lot of appeal, but I think. I'm I'm talking about the functionality now on it, whether we looking at different groups I think the children issue can be addressed with the shape. And with colours. You know, like you make it nice and pink fluorescent banana colour or whatever, you know Yeah, for example, you know. But the question is really who is our target group? Do we look at one target group? And. With the twenty five Euros you know can we can we afford to have I'm asking the technical people here whether. To look at. Sort of sub-groups with maybe different buttons for each group. How much would that throw us. Out of the cost we are supposed to. Respect? With with. That's. No. The quest- the question to be addressed. Here is only who is the target group and how will it function. And I think the how will it function is probably the question of the buttons, you know, within the target group or sub-groups. The question is only whether our budget will allow. To. Have. More than one design in a sense. I mean the basic design I understand will be the same, but the question is how much will that set us back if, let's say forty percent we make large buttons and the rest we make regular buttons, for example,. So that remains to s- to be seen, but. The target group as a whole is. Is basically everybody with a T_V_, so. Yeah, well that's that's the question. Well, maybe there's there's an idea, you know, t- the new for example new portable phones. They have like removable. Plastic cases, so you can have a striped one, or you can have a fluorescent blue one or whatever, and maybe something like that that in each package, you know, you have. You you have you have for example. W- you you have let's say a fluorescent blue on it, but then you have another colour or a stripe or whatever that already comes in a package. And then if people really want more colours, they can buy it separately. You know. Yes. That's right, and but like if if then everybody is is is tired of the fluorescent blue and of the striped or whatever they have, has another one in a package, then they can go to the store and for a few Francs or. Euros, whatever, they can buy. An alternate package with another two colours in it, you know, for example, you know. Well, I think I think the idea here is to to to design one remote. And what the only change is gonna be the funct- the t- yeah. The functional functional cosmetics, if you want to put it that way,. Having maybe larger buttons or buttons that light up or buttons that are slightly differently shaped for people. Either for children. Yes, that that's the old message. Finish meeting now. But I think. I I think to sum it up, the target group is basically everybody,. If money permits, we can address some features for some sub-groups. Within that. Do we agree? Do we? We agree on on that in principle, like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not. Okay So now I understand it's lunch break. And.
slot1: Kay. Okay, you want me to start right now? Okay, well could you put my slides up 'cause I think it might be helpful if we looked at the slides at the same time. Participant four I believe, yes? 'Kay. There we go. Okay well I think we. Have introduced ourselves So the functional requirements. Is is part of my goal, but why don't we pass right to the second slide. Cause that's where my discussion starts Alright well, since I'm in charge of trying to figure out what. We should put on this thing, since I have to try to sell it,. I thought that the method I should follow would be gather suggestions from everybody and. The reason I just put that there like that is. That in the init- in the initial stage I think I should just be open to lots of suggestions You know, you can say anything you want, no matter how silly it sounds, you know, it should run your car, it should heat up your motor, it should. Turn on your C_D_ or whatever you want it to do and then as we go on. What we'll have to do is accept and eliminate these suggestions according to design and budget feasibility So I'll be coming to you frequently as the Industrial Expert to tell me. How hard it's gonna be to add a feature or how expensive it's gonna be or if your time is it takes five years to develop this, it's just something we can't do. So in the beginning just have a big. Puddle of things that we. Anybody can th- throw anything in and then just weed things out that can't be done for one reason or another. And then the things that seem the most attractive that. To to a customer. We'll try to then prioritize those. So that was what I meant there. And as I said it on the slide there, consulting the Industrial Engineer about that. And the other thing is time is really gonna be as important as money, because if we're gonna sell this thing. I think the best time to sell it is as a Christmas present Twenty five Euros makes a nice little present, and we want it to be an impulse purchase We want somebody to see it and think it's I just gotta have that. And take out their wallet and buy it. So it's gotta be really attractive and it but it's gotta go to market by September 'cause anything that you don't have already out there in September. Showing it around isn't gonna sell for Christmas. And then I'll be coming to you as the User Interface person. To try to tell me. Me from your point of view. What. Are the most friendly features that we could put on it. And try to prio- help me with that prioritizing. Of of the features and of the the look and the colour and. I'll be coming back to you to help weed out those suggestions from that point of view So I'll be coming to you for how much is it gonna cost and how long is it gonna take you? And I'll be coming to you to. Tell me. What's gonna make somebody take out their wallet, you know, what what's what what's gonna really be. What they call the sizzle, 'cause we gotta sell the sizzle A lot of times the thing that works the best from an engineering point of view isn't the thing that somebody's really just gonna take out their wallet and buy for Christmas for. For their child or for their husband or whatever. Alright I already did a little bit of research after our first meeting where we threw out some ideas. And it looks to me that within the budget that we're looking at the the whole house idea really isn't gonna be possible. So I'd like your suggestions to come back to the other slide where I was saying we we could suggest anything. I'd like the suggestions to be really specific. So that we'll have a list of things we can cross off, not something like, you know, whole house control. And then. I found on the internet from from my research that some extended electronic entertainment control should be possible At the budget that we're looking at and at the price point we're looking at, we should be able to make it work, the T_V_, the V_C_R_, the stereo set,. Maybe something else cute like a coffee pot or one other appliance or maybe a lamp. Wind up. Okay. Okay. Of course, yeah. Okay, so that's something. Okay, so. Okay. Alright, thanks for that. Alright now, other things that I found out on in my research is that the complaints that people have about the remote controls that are out there now. A lot of them take too much time to learn how to use. And that was thirty four percent, but even more important the thing that we did address in our last meeting, that frequently it's lost somewhere in the room. So those are two things that we definitely do wanna address. We wanna s- make it as simple as possible We wanna make it obvious and intuitive to use. And. Then the things about finding it. We talked about the a light emitting thing as well as maybe a beep. And I think that those are things after my research that we definitely wanna try to incorporate Okay, can we go to the next slide please? Okay. So my personal preferences in this project. Are we really have to concentrate on the sizzle, that is the selling point, the thing that's gonna make it an impulse purchase. Because once there's no b- back- well in sales they always say, you know, b- backs don't come back If somebody says, I'll come back and get it next week, you're dead. They're never gonna come back and buy it You've gotta make it attractive enough so they buy it now, now, now Now is a big word in in my book for selling this thing. And in order to make it really saleable, we've gotta shorten the learning curve, make sure it's really intuitive and easy to use. We have to have as few buttons as possible. Because more buttons is more confusion, so that's why I'm saying simplicity is good. Finding it's important, obviously you can't use it if you can't find it. So we've gotta concentrate on the features that help you find it. And I've already said this several times, but I put it down in writing here, it should be an attractive impulse purchase at twenty five Euros So it has to have enough value that when somebody looks at it they say, twenty five Euros, I'm not gonna take that Has to be so great that they're gonna say, twenty five Euros isn't much. And then maybe a motto like we put fashion in electronics might be something we can use in our marketing campaign. Okay, that's about it for me right now. Wow. Okay. Yeah, and next yeah but so. Okay. Okay. We don't need it, we can we can make it. That's good from a marketing point of view, the fun the fun shape. That you s- you say that won't add too much to the budget? To the shape is. Do you think there's any chance of having se- having basically the same machine with the same buttons but maybe several different shapes? Is that gonna be possible? 'Cause that might help with the marketing. Because we had something sort of sexy for adults, so we could have something sort of. Silly for children, or a little animal shape or an or a little elephant so they can remember where it is. Well I think I think that that's something that we'll have to discuss with the User Interface Person. Because I think there's a lot of argument to be made for one button for one feature 'Cause I think one of the things people were complaining about in my what I found out in my research. Is when they complained about how hard it is to learn a new one. The changing modes was something. You and I, all thr- all four of us, we work with computers all the time Changing modes is nothing for us, but people who.. And it's and it's the kind of thing people learn by feel. And you don't feel the mode change So maybe having buttons be various shapes might be a help too. You know like the a triangle is for the volume and a square is for changing channels. So that people can develop a tactile sense of it But we'll get to that with you. That's right, yeah No, that's a good point, yeah. Yeah, that's that's a good that's a good one, because the clock could be really friendly when when is your favourite show coming on, and. Yeah, a lot of time there's not a clock on the screen and you have to go somewhere, but you just wanna look at the news for a minute Yeah, that's that's good, the clock is good. Okay. True. Yeah. Case? So we should visit the site and have a look at what's up there or. Okay. Okay So it might be helpful if we had a look at that? Okay Thank you. Could you go back to that slide where she had that s- site up, Betsy? Yeah, okay Thank you. Yes. Yes. Alarm clock yeah that's. Well you know there's the old motto, children under six never shop alone. So if you design something that's very attractive to children. The mommy please, mommy please. You know, we want it now, we wanna go to the store and see it that has a lot of. Marketing pull. Different ones. Yes. Make a banana shaped one. Respect. What about the electronics, that's not really gonna change much, is it? That that that won't change much, will it? I I wouldn't think so. Yeah. Yeah. That's alright. And can we can we, is it even feasible to make. One one remote control with something for everyone? Or we have to try to use the same electronics and make three different shapes? The same electronics and basically all that's gonna be different is the plastic case, and in that case we could prob- moulded plastic isn't all that expensive, is it, you're as an industrial person? Yeah. There's a real idea, yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. An alternate package. Okay. Well I think we can only afford to design. Cosmetic. Warning, finish reading now. Well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting, but. Okay, we'll have to l-. Okay. Fair enough. Okay.
slot2: What features. And a buzzer. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, me too. Yeah, yeah Sure Thank you. Number two. Yeah. Exactly. Can you make it a full screen please? No, it's like a yeah,. Have to. S- yeah. Cup. Cup shape, yeah. Third third. Yeah, exactly. So today I'm going to talk about the working design of the remote controller. Can you go to the next s- slide please? The method is like in a remote controller you have a chip, integrated circuit,. Which is like a brain of the h- remote controller It takes the power from a battery, say a battery, it's it can be a l- elec- an electric supply, like you have to. Like a switch connect connect connect your remote controller to a power supply from the, you know, electricity or something like that It should be a battery, because a remote controller should be like you you you should take it t-. To wherever you want. And then th- this integrated circuit it ta- takes energy from the power source and. Whatever, like if you press a button, it's like a input for the remote controller, and it takes the input and it. Ch- transforms into infra- infrared bits, and it sends it it to the device, like a T_V_ or a air conditioner, something like that, so. A remote controller is specifically designed to a single device If you want to design it for multiple devices, then you. Should make all the devices compatible with the frequency. Like the the remote controller it sends some bits, some f- waves like with a particular frequency The device should know what the frequency is It should re- re- recognise the. Waves which are coming from the remote controller, and it should take the action, like if you press a button channel or something like that,. Then the remote remote controller will send. Send a se- send a signal, and the T_V_, it should. Translate that into like change. Channel or something like that, change the volume control. And. So I think it's hard to design a remote controller for multiple devices. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages like there should be a user user c-. Interface like a you know switch pad or something like that, buttons should be there. So you can control whatever you want You want to change the channel, you want to control the volume, you w- you want to mute mute the T_V_ or you want to have a child lock or you want to do some operations, there should b- sh- there should be some device to tell what to do to the in- integrated circuit so that the integrated circuit can send the signals and T_V_ can perform the. Actions. So can you go to the next slide please. So I I just would like to add some extra features to the remote controller. I think these are the very simple features and they don't take much much of the. Investment also It's like. The text or buttons which which are there on the remote controller, th- those we can make. Like fluorescent. There'll be like light emitting if it is dark, so that you can find your remote control if it is dark. There should be a beep if many buttons are pressed If suppose a child is playing with the remote controller and and she she or he is pressing the buttons all at the time, then there should be a beep saying that it's th- this is not a you know. Action there there can be no action taken to that, so And there should be a child lock, like you you should be able to lock your remote controller so that. Whatever buttons are pressed by a child they can't be like y- you if you if you have ki- kids and all then they we pl- playing with the remote controller, so you can t- lock the remote controller, if make it usable for more than one device It's a it's hard but. It's possible, so that's what I think, yeah, so. That's a it's a good idea, yeah Yeah. And different shapes that we can do like we can have you know a- all animal shapes or you know comfortable sh-. Wi- which can fit into your hands and so that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and colours also, different colours and s-. No no, it w- I don't think it will be, like you can have you know f- if you want tha- that to be more yeah, yeah, it's t- it's just a shape, so it doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah, that is also possible, I yeah, I I think yeah. Yeah, that would be. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, for the silly people, like. Yeah. Yeah, and and the buton- buttons also I think if you want to have more features in your remote controller then there should be more buttons If there are more buttons then it will be more complicated If you have less features then your remote controller won't be attractive. So I think we need to make some buttons which are which are like f-. In in intended for two or three operations, like if you press one button in one mode then it will change the channel, if you press the other button in another mode it will change the colour, so if you want to have less buttons we can have that option, but I think it will complicate the matter more, I think, so. Yeah, but. Yeah, it's like your. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you don't you don't you don't really have to. Yeah, shapes also, different shapes, yeah, that will. Yeah. Yeah, and also text should be very clear so that there there won't be any ambiguities or. So. And display clock if you want more features then we can display a clock it I d- I don't think it will take any. Money, extra money, because anyway we have an integrated circuit I think we can just definitely fit that feature into the circuit, so it's. Yeah, that's a good clock. Yeah, in the in the in the remote control, yeah yeah yeah, so. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Can you go to the next slide please. Components are the main components we need for it are like buttons. And underneath that there should be switch. And bulbs. Like we can have a bulb like whenever we are operating a remote controller or. Whenever the T_V_ is on suppose. Then the remote controller should automatically have a l- light. Then it will be like if you switch on your T_V_ through another another source, not from through a remote c- remote controller, and you you lost your remote controller, maybe you can find with the light. Maybe we can have that Whenever the T_V_ is on, remote controller will have a light. And then infra-red bulbs this is like when it is dark. And battery, there should be a battery. For power supply. And a chip. Chip which is like a brain to the remote controller, which does all the operations. And wires connecting all chips, which is. Lights, everything, so there should be wires. And of course there should be a case, where we can keep all the things and you know, the different shapes or whatever it is, there should be a case to put. To give a shape. Yeah. Yeah, holder. Next slide, please. I have referred the site, the homepage of the. Our website, from where I have. I got s- few points. That's it That's it from me now. It's not like that I have referred the page to. Get new ideas or like what can be the working design to. How it works and all, so it's. Yeah, if you want t-. It's actually there in. There on the screen.  Yeah, sure. If there is a clock then there can be a. It's like a. Okay, it's like a time it's like a lock to the television. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, maybe we can design different remotes for different people, like for aged people there will be big buttons and, you know, the size Yeah. Children and elderly Yeah. Yeah, of course that we can do, but specifically if y- if like elderly people want a big buttons then y- you can't really make a bit big remote controller. So maybe specifically you can design a big con- remote control for elderly and for children. Like, you know, different. No, it it doesn't cost, no. Yeah, it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't. No, I I don't think no, no. It's fine. Mobile phones have different, you know, covers. New designs in also, you know. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. We do some more research, maybe we get some more information. Yeah. Maybe seventy percent is a unique remote controller and twenty percent is a that's a different kind, yeah. Yeah, yeah, 'cause. Okay. So that's what we will do. Thank you.
slot3: Thanks. Multiple purpose. That's. Exactly. Yes, yeah. Yeah, that's what it is. Okay. Something else. Yes. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Kay. To keep the remote. Yes. Case holder holder remote holder. I'm gonna move on to the next slide. Okay. And to spend two. Y-. Yes. No no I'm three. Can you make it full? Yes, yes, yes. Okay. As a User Interface Designer I did a little research to find out what are the features which a user would like to have on their remote. Yeah, can you please go on to the next slide? So I found out that. The the main purpose of a remote is to control the function of a television. At a far off distance, at remote distance. Now for that a remote controller should have a switch on off button. By which a user can sit anywhere in the room in front of the T_V_ and he can control the functionalities, different functionalities of the T_V_. There should be a signal. Something like a radio wave or a infrared light or a L_E_D_ which can be used to change the different functionalities in the television If the user wants to. Change the channels or increase the volume, he can change it. Now there should be some timer to set for viewing a particula- a particular programme or switching on and off a c- a particular programme according to the user choice. Yes, yes. So if if he want to view a particular programme at say nine o'clock, he can set the time and the T_V_ will automatically it will switch on at that particular time. So he can use that kind of properties or features. And then there should be a child lock system If a particular channel is not to be viewed by a particular for a certain age, then the parents can lock that particular channel so that the ch- children cannot view that channel. And the the and the one of the feature a user would like to have is the compact. Of the co- remote. The remote should be compact and it should no- it should have as many buttons as possible for controlling different functionalities of the T_V_, television. And as this is my personal preference that it should be in the shape of a T_ an alphabet for more compactibility. And and and there's one more point which I noted it down, like the material which it which is used for remote should be human-friendly, it should not cause any skin disease or something, some aller- allergy. To either children or to ad- adult person. And it should have an it can have an alarm clock. A person if if somebody wants to get up at around eight eight P_M_ and he can set the time and it can be used as an alarm clock And I don't think it will cost much to set an alarm clock inside a remote. Yes, and as Jan said the buttons can be can. We can use the fluorescence. Light up the buttons So different. Buttons will glow differently So in even in the dark the user can. Know what buttons to use to. Switch on a particular channel. And the design of the remote should be in such a way that there should not be any sharp projections. So that if a child plays with the remote, he he should not be harmed in any way. And findings? I found out y- on different sites that there are different remotes which can be used There are remotes which use the infra-red for controlling the different functionalities There are remotes which use the radio waves to control the functions. And there are. So there you have different types of remotes with different lights. Source. Which I use which can be used for controlling the different functionalities of a television. Next slide. And these are my few personal f- preferences, like it can be used for a multi-purpose use, not no, like it can it can be used as a T_V_ control, as plus an alarm clock,. Set an alarm a timing, and it should have a child lock. And then to save electricity there should not be much s- more m- lots of circuits and all that. And if a person if if if parents wants the television to be switched off by ten o'clock,. Then it should be switched off ten o- at ten o'clock automatically, so that nobody else comes later and use it. Timer. Yeah, and then you can use a timer as well. Yes. Yeah, that's it. Okay. T_V_, television viewers. Okay. Of course. Okay. No,. Generally we can we can design a remote which is mainly for people with f- age from ten to forty. And and then we can add on specific functional buttons for children as well as the elderly people or the people with with who have nervous problems, yes. But in a family in a family there will be a aged person, children and a middle-aged, but they cannot buy three different remotes. They would like to buy just one. And just one which can be used by all the three. Cost effective. P_ f-. Yeah. That's true. Okay. Yeah, like for mobile phones we have. But yeah I I have a doubt like, will it be cost twice effective if we if we design a remote having all the. Different features for different people or designing three different. Remotes for three different categories of people? Okay. Okay. The okay. 'kay. 'kay. Okay. Yes. Okay. So thank you very much Thank you. And we'll see you after lunch.