slot0: No, that's any good here. Okay. Hello everyone Hi. How how we doing? Good. First we going over the. Minutes of the last meeting more or less. In the last meeting the Marketing Manager had presented. Her. Method of working, meaning gathering suggestions. From everyone to see how she best could market this this product at within the budget that was given. In general. The idea is that it should be something that is not difficult to use. It's also an item that people lose a lot. So we should address that. And of course it should be something. That is very simple to use. In addition to that to make it sell of course the Marketing Manager wishes that it's be very attractive or like she says put some sizzle into it in one way or another. So that the people are buying it now. No. Because in particularly smaller items that's a very important fact. 'Cause if they say well I go home and think about it, that won't work. Also mentioned was it should be. It should have a very short learning curve. And. Maybe it could be sold by using a slogan. Our t-. Technical Manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip. That has infrared. Bits. And it has an interface controls w- interface that controls the chip. Therefore messages. Will be controlled in the same manner. There should be extra features like lit buttons, maybe a beep if too many buttons are pressed. A child lock. And maybe a display clock so that people could. You could see the time, you know, what show they want to watch. Also mentioned was maybe different shapes. So the components of the thing should be button, bulbs, infra- infrared bulbs, battery, chips, wires,. And maybe some kind of a holder. For the for the item. Franchise who is our. Interface Designer. Has mentioned that. They of course should have an on off button. And also has mentioned an interesting feature that it should have maybe a channel lock. Particularly with maybe small children that they couldn't watch a channel that is undesirable. It should be compact, her personal favourite was it should be T_ shaped. And maybe have an alarm clock and the material should possibly be no- of non-allergenic nature. The different systems that exist are infrared or radio waves. Maybe it should have a electric- electricity electricity saving feature. And. Even possibly a timer. So that people can program. Their favourite. Programme on th- right from the remote. Are we all in agreement that that's about what we discussed last time? Okay. Okay then we I'm looking for three presentations and I don't know whether the order matters much, I don't. I don't think so, so whoever wants t-. Yeah, okay. Right, okay. Come on Close already. And that's number two, right? Three. Nine what, nine channel. Switches? Nine channel switches, is yeah...  Right. Okay Thank you very much any comments on her presentation? I th- I think. No I think. Presentations but as far as the decision making, we get into that after after But if I just wanted to know whether anybody had any any- anything to add to her presentation. Right. Who wants to go next? Okay and you. Okay. Oops. Components design. Okay.  Away.  Yes. Okay. Okay. And you have more pictures we have five minutes to the end of the meeting. Okay well thank you. Any particular comments by anybody? But. We don't have a lot of time left and we will still have to make a decision and the Marketing Expert has to present her. Her thing. Okay. Okay. That. Concludes the presentation of everyone. And what we really have to decide in this meeting is. The concept of the remote. And. So what do we think. On the concept. Of the remote? Okay. I think that's. Well you you teach you have to teach a. No it's it's yeah it it's like you're recording a b-. You're expecting an answer from for example. And. A question like good morning like around eight o'clock I want to see the news in the television So I'll say just good morning and the T_V_ will switch on It will recognise. Okay before we get too far off here the components of the concept is the energy. What kind of energy do we. Foresee? Battery? Battery. Okay then chip on print? Okay. And the case And I think we all agree on the case, we wanna have something maybe bright, colourful. Trendy. Trendy design, compact and strong,. User interface concept, interface type supplements. Will be your area I think, right? Yeah. P-. I. I guess for yeah. And. I'm not sure what they mean by supplements. Like. Okay. What. Right right right,. Right. Okay. Our next meeting will be in thirty minutes and the. I_D_ is to this is the individual actions to be taken until then. To have the look and feel design. And the U_I_D_ is supposed to. Come up with the user interface design. And the Marketing Expert with the product evaluation. In this phase the two of you, Jana and Francine, have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay. It says here. You will receive specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches. If you have any questions you know you. You can always contact me. Or or your coach I suppose. So I think we conclude the meeting here and we come back in thirty minutes according to our time table here. Thank you very much. Thank you. I can't send by single. Stuck. There you go. Oops.
slot1: Hi. Interface Designer. Yes. Yes. I can start first, yeah? Okay. My slide please. Three. Participant three. Yes. Okay. Now as an interface designer I would give more emphasis on the interface, how the remote looks like, so that it is sellable, it is attractive to customers. Next please. Okay Now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television. These messages could be a switch on off. Message, switch to next channel message, or swapping the channels, or switching on to a particular channel, like you can have the numbers one two three four up to nine. Pardon me? Yes Nine numbers. And then you have swapping button. By which using which you can swap the channels If we don't want to see the third channel, you can swap it to the fourth channel, or vice versa. Then it should have a next button a next button channel, by which you can keep on going to. Scrolling the channels one by one. Next slide please. Then you should have a button which should which ca- which can be used for increasing or decreasing the volume. Then there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular programme which is going on a television For. Then there should be a channel which can. Trigger this mechanism in the television so that the user can see. The ear- the subtitles on the screen. Then there should there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour. Colour of the picture, the contrast, sharpness, brightness. Of the picture. There should be a memory switch. There should be a mute button. Suddenly if if if a viewer he gets a telephone call. And if he want he doesn't want to switch off the. T_V_, but he he can reduce the sound He can. Bring the volume down, and he can watch, he can. While talking you can watch the T_V_. Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature. It's an integrated program programmable sample sensor speaker unit. So a remote can be can be designed which can have the voice recognisers. You can record your own voice. Which can be recognised by a voice recogniser in the television, for example if you want to see we if you want to see the ninth channel, if you say just say ninth channel. That the the yeah, the remote will automatically it will switch to the ninth channel. So the T_V_ will have some recogniser which will recognise the user's voice, and accordingly it will change its functionalities. So this is one of the very important feature a remote control can have. So this is one one of the interface. Which can be created. A very simple interface which has all the important features. Please next slide. Then these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour, but they have many buttons. So sometimes the user finds it very difficult to recognise which button is for what function and all that So you can you can design an interface which is very simple. And which is user friendly, even a kid can use that. So can you go on t- to the next slide? Yeah, so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this voi- voice recogniser. And this has multi-purpose use, it can be used for T_V_, it can be used for cable, satellites, it can be used for V_C_R_, D_V_D_s and audio. And this has in-built voice recogniser. Can I go on to the next slide? Yeah Now this is an interface for a child for a remote which a child can use this is user friendly, it's very attractive, and children can use it as well as they can play with it. And this comes with different. Colours, different shapes. And this this child interface has minimum buttons. And all the important. Buttons are there in this small, compact. Attractive. Child interface. Next slide please. Now this is a big. Oversized remote, which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to misplace it. This is a. No, this is a very big, you cannot. Misplace it anywhere So this is a jumbo universal remote control, it's impossible to im- misplace or lose. So this is one such interface which can be created. And the personal preference. Would be a speed to incorporate speech recognisers. Which will respond to user's voice for a particular function. Thank you, that's it. Okay. Okay. We can. Yeah, maybe. What is it, number two? The next one So it's it is the. On the. Yeah. This time I'm I'm going to. Concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design. Can you go on to the next slide please? Have just a brief. Down a few components which we require for the remote control construction. The first one is case. To keep all the components like integrated circuit, battery, et cetera, et cetera It's like. It can be a plastic one Hard plastic. So that it can be strong, even if you just you know if you if it falls down then it doesn't break So it should be strong. And th- there are no harm. Materials used in that. And it should be recyclable. And. Yeah, and also using of colouring compoon- compounds like if we want to have different colors, blue, red, green. So we have to use some colouring component- component- compounds. And the second important thing is. Integrated circuit. We sh- we can use a highly sophisticated one, because it's like the it's like the heart of the remote controller If it is not efficient, then everything w- is going to be like lefist less efficient, so it you should we should have a highly sophisticated one. And it should be resistant to high as well as low temperatures Suppose if it is thirty eight degrees outside, forty degrees outside, it should. It should be able to r- resist the temperature. High and low temperatures. And it should be with equipped with timer and alarm facility. And the other component we should we have in the remote controller is a resistor. Which is like it is very very much important for the electricity flow through through through the remote controller And also a capacitor, which is a. Which is a I think it's it's like a battery capacitor Can you go on to the next slide please? A diode,. Transistor,. Resonator,. These are all this technical electr- electronic compons- components which are which we have to use in a remote controller. Battery I would like to suggest one thing if we. If we will be able to. Make a rec- rechargeable battery, then we sh- we need not go for a high performance battery,. Even if it is a low performance battery, it it ca- it can't l- it can't charge much, it it it's not a high voltage battery, then also we can. F- it is a rechargeable one, then people can use. It for a long time, so in that way we can cut cut the cost, but w-. That we have to make the battery as rechargeable one. We we have a circuit board. In a remote controller Can you go to the next slide, please. And how it works, how the remote controller works. When you press a button. Thank you. When you press a button, when you do that. You complete a specific connection, that means when you p-. When you press a button there will be a s- a small circuit. Underneath the button, and it will send some signals through the wires. And then the chip will sense that connection and notes that which button is pressed Suppose you have pressed channel one button, number one you have pressed, then the chip will know that the number one. Button was pressed It produ- produces a morse morse code line signal specific to that button. Every button, every individual button has its own morse code, suppose the user has pressed button button one, then it will have a spe- the circuit will generate a specific morse code to. That that button. And the transistor will amplify the signal and send them to the L_E_D_. Which translates the signal into infrared light. Like you have got a signal. By pressing a button. That d- d- morse code has been generated by the integrated circuit. Now that signal, that morse code has to be amplified by the transistor, that is the use of transistor transistor V_ which we use in the remote controller It will amplify the signal, and it will send it to the L_E_D_ and which translates the signal into an infra- infrared lights. The sensor in the T_V_ can see the infrared light, and seeing the signal. Seeing the signal re- it reacts appropriately. That when it sees the amplified mo- morse code signal, then it will it will know which what p- what action it has to. Do Then it will do the appropriate. Action. So this is how the remote controller works. Can you go to the next slide please? Yeah, I have few pictures When you look at the remote controller, it's it's it this is a normal remote controller. And and to the next slide please. And we had a few buttons and all, and if you open the remote controller you have this circu- circuit board and. Few electronic components, like you can see a chip there, which is having eighteen pins, and also a capac- a capacitor, three resistors and also a resonator. Yeah. And di- and the diode transistor. The electronic components all of the electronic components have all those things like a chip and d- diode. Transistors and. Yeah, the can y- you can see the T_A__ one eight three five labelled chip. You can also see the the green two green things are. These are they are they are resistors, and just beside that you can see a transistor, and the cylinder shape that one is a capacitor. And also there are resistors sorry there there is a diode. Can you go go on to the next slide? So this is the circuit board, the green one is a circuit board. Actually building a circuit bo- board is pretty pretty easy, and also it's it's inexpensive, it's it costs less than what you print on a paper, because when you when you are building some. Circuits, some circuits and also wires, it's it's better to go for printing, because you can build these kind of. Circuit boards on a on a bulk, and it's just printing, nothing like you know you you don't need to use wires and all, it's not exactly wires we are using, it's just printing, something. On a board. Th- tho- those prints will act act as wires and cir- circuits. So th- that green thing is a circuit board And also you can see there are d- like accessory buttons, like when you press a button. The circuit under the button will be activated, it will it will h- get some signals from it, and it will it will ch- it's ch- send the signal signals to the integrated circuit Can you go to the next slide please. So this is these are the circuits un- underneath the buttons. Can you see the black round marks? They they are the circuits. Next please. And. Like we have designed before we have seen some few things like instead of buttons we had some scrolls. B- but a b- a push button requires a simple chip underneath it, but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip, which is a higher price range Like for scrolls we have to go for a. Sophisticated and and a full complete chip. And a- as energy source we offer a basic battery,. More engineers a hard dynamo. A kinetic provision of energy. Modern watches that you shake casually to provide energy, so w- that also we can have in a battery. Or we can use solar cells. Yeah. Yeah, the product can be de- delivered into different cases usually the case is uncarved flat that w- we see usually a d- a normal remote controller. Yeah. Yeah, maybe d- I have just one more slide I think. Like we can have ma- materials such as plastic, rubber, wood, titanium, but titanium we can't use. And also for electronic. We can use a simple and regular re- or an advanced chip on the print. Also infra- it includes infrared sen- sender. Yeah, the and for the movie just j- develop a sample sensor spee- sample speaker. Yeah, that's it. That's all for me now Thank you. No no, the the the the scrolling was different, like you can go for s- switches like buttons or scrolls, which which we used to do before, ten ten years before, I think Now nobody uses it because you need you need a c- a c- a sophisticated chip and all, so I think it's better we go for n- ordinary buttons Yeah, yeah, push buttons, yeah Yeah, okay.  Yeah. Yeah. But but but I'm very very much doubtful how how. Far it will work, because a speech recogniser like i- it it has it's own problems, issues. Yeah it's not distance problem, it it's recognising a person's voice, like maybe different people will be having different voices, so like it'll everything, so it it's a. So to get a good recona- recognising system it's a costly thing I think. Yeah but yeah. Yep. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And compact, trendy. Trendy. Like the switches, like we use buttons for user interface, so. Buttons, yes. And. Yeah, supplements like. Different types of features buttons. Can have a mute button, a swapping button. Recogniser, yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
slot2: I think that pretty much is it. Okay, your slide? I could lose that in a minute. Well looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there. What. No suggestion is bad, but we're gonna have to narrow it down a little more I don't think that we can get. The T_ shape is good The child one is good. Too big to miss place, I think it's just funny. I don't think that's gonna be our impulse purchase at the checkout counter, it's it's gonna be a little bit too on-the-wheel the. Have to come back to that later Okay. No, I think her presentation was good and she really explored all the options, yeah. Good point. Yes.  Yeah, push buttons, yeah, yeah. You're right. In people's houses or at meetings or anything like that. I try to notice what kind of remote controls people have, and if it's convenient in the conversation I ask about it, and I would encourage you all to do the same. And my findings from this is that, you know, small is beautiful. People like something that really fits in their hand. Simple is beautiful, they don't want to have to squint at small print, they want buttons whose functions are obvious. And they want as few buttons. As possible and they don't care for the mode thing. They want each button to do something, and eye-catching is important, it's gotta look cute, it's gotta look appealing Go ahead, I'm trying to finish fast for you. And our preference is, as far as I'm concerned, we've gotta get to the market before the competition, ours has to be. look really great and it has to come out before the others so that we have a leg up on time to sell it and push it before other people get out their Christmas item. And we should develop one or two features we can really dwell on in our ad campaign If we try to sell people it has too many great features. the consumer just gets confused and we don't get anywhere So we've gotta narrow our selection down to two things I think that we're gonna say are really great about our our our new product. And. I've been looking around at what designs Every year different things are popular and in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular. And people are tired of hard plastic and hard metal They're. More back into soft feel, spongy feeling things, things with maybe a little cloth on them. So those are things maybe we wanna look at as far as saleability of the item. You wanna try to come back to yours and. I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recognizer. One feature which could be sellable. Yeah. Okay. A question already. And then you're expecting an answer from for example you have a T_V_ system, I'm the user. Yeah. Yeah. Battery, yeah Yeah. Yes. Trendy trendy design and compact. Yes. I think. Yeah, or. Like her speech recognition would also be a supplement Her speech recognition feature would be a supplement. Okay. Right. 'Kay. Where they're hiding.
slot3:    That's interesting. Yeah on the scroll and the push button. You can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button? Okay, you're. Alright my method is. I'm interested in what the competition is doing,. And wanna see how we can make ourselves different from the competition, so. I've really been looking at the press and the ads that are out there for other remote controllers. I s- I spend a lot of time on the internet surfing around doing the same thing. And then when I'm out,. Limit yours limit? Okay. So speech recognition is most important as far as you're concerned? Yeah that that could that could be our star feature, that that would be really good, yeah. Battery. Yes. Trend trendy design and compact. Yes. Yeah. Mute. Okay. Yeah. Oops.