slot0: Does that work? The microphone is with which you're right. And where's the other one? Here. Okay. I think so. That's a good plan. And I'm a marketing person I wanna figure out how to sell them. My name is Eileen. Okay. No. Okay. Okay so. Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with, I guess. Functional, conceptual. And the detail dot. Maybe we should redesign it. After we've finished the remote control we'll get to that. Okay, I'll see what I can do. See if I. See if I remember how to draw a kitty-cat or a rabbit or something. So that it will record, okay. Well. Traditional. Kitty-cat. A very fat cat. And it likes to sit like that. Okay. Am I supposed to wipe off that or. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hope the kitty-cat is hungry 'cause I don't like spiders. 'kay. 'Kay that should keep everybody on their toes and challenged. Profit. M_S_ fifty. Yeah. Yeah. At twelve fifty Euros per. Well who knows, if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that. We certainly can try to I agree with her that to market something successfully it should do some more things. That's right. Okay, friendly shape. That would help. I think another thing that would help is if it beeps when you clap, because I think one of the big things that happens is people lose them, they can't find it. So. So so it should either beep or a light should blink. Okay. And do you think a good c- clue for that is that it would respond to a clap? Or it would. To your voice? Or it would respond what what should you have to do to make it beep or blink?. Okay, so. Okay. So the light sensor would activate the signal. But it could be some place really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it. Because you're s- because you're silly, because people are silly. I mean it could be on. Well i- if it were like on top of your book case and you usually kept it on the coffee table. You know well they would have to move along, okay. We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price. I think I have enough to think about till our next meeting. How about you people? Okay. Okay. Alright well. Okay very good.
slot1: Okay Everybody ready? I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves. And name and what your function is So maybe we start with you. Okay. And your name is? Okay. Very good And as you already know, I am Betsy I am the Project Manager for today. So why don't we look at the presentation to see what we really are supposed to do. Yes, the opening, acquaintance,. Tool training, well the tools. I think we already I guess the tool is really our the computer as far as I can see. We get ins- each of us will get instructions and will take it from there. Project plan that falls under the same heading pretty much I don't think we have any great discussion at this point. Here is what this thing should be,. This thing we are gonna. Design is a new remote control. Should be original,. Trendy,. And of course user friendly. So maybe you wanna make some notes of that. Okay. Okay. Alright. Here is what the functional design. Is supposed to achieve. That is, it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss. What. We have come up with. The same goes for the conceptual design. There will be individual work. Which and then discussion afterwards. Detailed design. Same thing basically. I can't write, it's this thing. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, okay. Alright. Then tool training, try out the whiteboard, participants can draw their favourite animal. Does anybody want to go and. See how the whiteboard works, so that in case we have to in the next meeting present something on the whiteboard. You wanna go, Eileen, and. Whether you. Without hanging yourself. And remember you have to press so it works. That's a fat cat. Okay. And you're front scene, right? Would you like like just to see. How it feels so that you have a little idea. No, no, that's okay No? Okay. I dunno We'll. Get to that later. Sneak. I'm going to draw a sneak. Okay. Here's a project finance which of course we all have to think about when we design this thing. Selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro. Profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro. The market range, unlimited, meaning international. And the production cost should not exceed, hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro. So these are all the things of course. To remember with the budget and when you design. Materials, cost, et cetera. Now the discussion I guess is does any one of you have experience with. Remote control? Ex-. Because we we use 'em we use 'em, right, every day. And. Now having used the remote control for years, does anybody already have like an idea. Like things you didn't like with it, things you would like to change, things you would like to improve with this thing, y- any first ideas? Would you like it to be smaller,. Bigger,. Have more have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons, you know, things like that. Right,. So it should be a multifunctional gadget that would control all your household machines basically. Well. It should be something new It should pos- it sh- it should do something different than than just what we have Now of course the other thing to think there is maybe the design. Like trendy, you know, like f- earlier we saw maybe it should be something trendy, you know Maybe it should different colours or materials or, you know. So yeah, shapes, right, you know, like kidney-shaped feels better in your hand, or something, you know. Yeah. Yes. That is true, because they put the newspaper or they put it behind that plant or, you know, whatever, and and then suddenly the phone rings and they wanna turn the T_V_ off and they. My remote control, yeah. Well or, yeah, or if it's really. If it's really in a dark spot, t- that it gives out a a a sound or a signal, yeah. So if lost. If lost, signal wi- throw signal, you know. Exactly, I mean just that's why I'm say I'm just saying throw signal, meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or. Okay my my idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden in in other words if it's. Like. In a dark spot. Meaning you know like your newspaper is on top, your sweater is on top, or it's it's behind a plant. At that moment it's it's like it's like what you call it the light se- sensors you know. In in that moment it has a sensor. I- it it gets a certain darkness, it ge- has a sensor and it gives out a signal, whether that be a light signal or a beep, I mean that we can discuss that later, you know. That's right. You know that would be. Right you have to have some kind of sensor And I I think voice or clapping, that's not specific enough. I know there are the lamps and stuff you know you can clap on and off, but I think they only work to a certain degree. And. What with. Yeah well but then those people we can't help everybody. Okay we have. Yeah we have to move along, but I think we have some good good points to start with here. Okay the next meeting will be in thirty minutes I think you all did you get notices on your computer for this? Okay so well you got the notice. The working design. I guess that's the function, the I_D_ who is this, the Industrial Designer. That's you? Okay so we looking for a working design when we come back. And. And then the technical funct- you're the technical function so so you're the working design. So w- you have a working design and. And the Marketing Manager is coming up with some user requirement specification, like friendliness and what we just discussed in general. That would be your idea And of course price. That it that the price is a good price. I mean the price is given, but. That with. That's right. That's right, perfection. And you know, spec- you you will get specific instructions for that I think that's the end of the show. Yeah. So. We have well we have a twa- two two two three minutes. Any questions at this point or suggestions? I think basically basically you will get instructions to work with, and if you have any questions. I guess you can. Okay. Then we see you in about thirty minutes. And see what we can come up with. Okay?
slot2: With you? And your name is?   Yes, I I feel that all the remote should be very compact. We get here nowadays it's very long and. It should have multi-purpose, like the remote control which we use for T_V_, it sh- it should be used for some other purpose also, like. Temperature. Yes. Beep. 
slot3: My role is. The main responsibility is user interface. And my role is to design a television remote control. Yeah I'm Jean I'm my role is Industrial Designer. And my responsibilities are. Deal with the technical functional designs and specifications of user interface and dealing with user interface design. Yes. I'm. Okay. Shame. Sneak. I don't know what I'm. Of course Yes, remote control. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It sh- it should be used f- for some other purpose also like. The temperature inside the house, or for air conditioners, or for heating system. Yes, exactly, yes. Yes. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah design should be, yeah, it should be different, all the almost all the remotes. Yeah, exactly A little little colours, a little shapes also. Yeah. Yes Yeah. Where the hell is my. Some beep or something like that so that we can know. It should have. A floor sen- signal, yeah? Yeah. Yeah, maybe it should have a light so that we can we can just recognise where it is, okay. May not be a beep. Beep or l- it's a light, maybe. Yes. Yeah, probably some yeah, yeah. Yeah, and. Yeah. Yeah, of course, but then then in that case we can. Yeah, good point. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, it's functional d- yeah, exactly. Yeah. Working design, yeah, it's it's mainly technical functional design, yeah. Yeah, function design and user. Okay. 'S disap-. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah, even I have s-. Yeah, even I have, I think, yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah. So now we have to walk around like this. I think we have to keep it here.