slot0: It okay. How did I do this before? Well hi everyone again. Like before we. I have to read the meetings from the n- the minutes from the last meeting. And so. Here we go. It was discussed in the last meeting, which was opened by the presentation. From the interface. Designer. That looks would be very important. On this new remote. And. It is to send messages of course to the T_V_. It should have nine channel buttons, a next button, volume buttons, subtitle buttons,. Switch to control features, colour, contrast, sharpness, et cetera. Have a memory switch, a mute button in case the telephone rings or something. Speech recognition is one of her very f- favourite personal features she would like to do to to be integrated in this. In this new remote. Should be child friendly design, with few buttons, colourful, maybe with star shaped or other shaped buttons. She. Presented also an oversized remote. Which she guarantees nobody will ever be able to lose. That's right, yes. But her very fir- personal favourite really she she would very much like to see a speech recogniser integrated in this remote. Industrial Designer presented her. Thoughts on the issue. She would like a special case made out of plastic that is very strong. Not using any harmful materials. Should be recyclable. And should be colourful. Should have an integrated circuit board that's highly sophisticated and temperature resistant. She would like to see a timer. And or alarm facility. Integrated. Yeah technically this thing would also have a resistor and a capacitor. Diodes, transistor, resonator. And if possible a rechargeable battery. And of course a circuit board. And how it would works, you press the button, the chip. Is a Morse Morse code related. Relays the to the generala- to the generator amplification. And. The circuit board is very inexpensive to build. And so she thinks this is a great feature. To to to consider. She would like this whole thing should be push buttons with a simple chip. Scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore. Should be battery operated. And of course should have the special cases. The Marketing Expert. Who has to finally come up. With to to to market this product. Has been watching the competition, has done some research on the internet. And also has used her personal observations to come up. With the fact that such a remote sh- should be small,. Easy to use, and it should be eye-catching. From her point of view of course one of the most important facts is that we should get to market before our competition does. To do that maybe one or two features should be developed on which we could dwell on, or in other words on which our campaign. Could be built on. Too many new features or too many points would only confuse matter. So we prefer to have one or two features that can be really driven home. It should have a fruit and vegetable design. And should have a soft feel She feels that's really what people want today. The decision that we talked last time was that. The special feature we would like to see is a speech recognizer. The energy should be battery. Should be on a chip. Should be trendy design, compact and strong. And should have buttons. And that concludes the presentation from the last. Minutes, from the last meeting. Now we are ready for the presentation of the prototype. Yeah. So this is what we have made This is a more. Model of the remote controller which we are going to build. This is us in a. Shape. So, it it is attractive. And it's it's blue in colour,. Bright. And it has yellow buttons and all the different colour buttons, so it is a a look-wise it is beautiful. And also compact in shape. W- and also y- it it will be easily fit into into the hands and you can access all the buttons easily. Yeah. S- sorry. Yeah. Yeah, and the material which we are going to use for the case is a plastic. And which which is strong. And also for the. The material is plastic and for the buttons it is a s- soft rubber. And al-. Yeah. Yeah, because you'll be touching the buttons more, so it is soft when you touch it. And then. For the for the LED, for the light emitting diode, it is a fluorescent green. And it's a. It is a bulb like an ordinary infrared. And. And the button buttons part will be explained by f- Fancina, okay? We decided. Now these features includes. Signal emitting signal, it's the. L_E_D_, the infrared. Now we have included the switch on and off button. Now we have included another feature. That is the mute button. The side of the model. Then we have included. One to nine buttons. For controlling the programs, the different channels. We've also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume. And we have also included two buttons for scrolling up and scrolling down the program channels. Now our our model also contains a button which is called as a menu button. Now menu button Yes, menu. At the centre. We have included a button. Which is fluorescent green colour and this is the menu button which will control the colour, sharpness, brightness. This picture. We have also included a button. Which is called as the swapping button. Now this is a special special feature which we have included. This button. Is an elongated. Shaped button and this is slightly flexible. So if it is turned towards the right. It will take to the previous channel If it is turned towards the right it will take to the next channel. It'll take the user to the previous and the next channel So this is a. Swapping button. No, swapping is if if for example you're you're watching the second channel, and then you go to the tenth channel, and if you want to go back to the second channel you can swap this button. Yes. And at the end. And this remote has in-built voice recogniser. Which ki- which will recognise the user's voice. And then it'll act accordingly. So this is a proposed model. Now the Marketing Expert has to. Give her suggestion whether it will be sellable. It will be cost effective. Yes Okay. No these the front buttons which are here are the mute buttons. Yes, yes. Yes. Pardon me? This is the menu? Yes, yes. The the these these two are the w- to increase or decrease the volumes. And these two are to scroll the programme channels. Scroll up or scroll down the channels. Yes, it will have these buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols. Yes, which can be easily recognised. Yes, yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. And. And one more feature is we we have a holder for this remote, which is an oyster shape,. A shell shape. Yeah, snail shape. Yes. Yeah, is. Single curved. Plastic. Yeah, yeah. Yes. No. Yes. Yes, we do have special form. Price, five, six, seven, eight. Nine points. Yes. Okay. The desktop. Okay. Seven.  W- okay. One. Give three. We can always improve, yes. Yes, features. Voices. Yes. And maybe. Yeah, we did a good job. Whiteboard more Yes, yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yes. Thank you very much. They say it's fifteen minutes.
slot1: Let the artists go first. Hello. And she was challenged on that point. Okay. Good. You used to have all the buttons. That's good. That's us and friendly.. Okay. Menu button.. Of the screen Yeah. The next channel in the numeric pattern, or.. Okay. Okay. Okay well. What what I really like a lot about it is that you can reach the whole thing with one thumb that you can really hold it in one h- you don't need two hands and it's easily reachable even for somebody with a small hand, yeah. The buttons are all raised and if you hold it in the centre of your hand you can even reach it over here. So you don't have to turn it around, turn it upside down,. Move it up up and down I really like that, you really did a good job on that. My little designers. And I like the idea that the on off button is in a really prominent place, that's that's a really good good thing. Yeah that's great. The colour's very attractive. The. These buttons around here are the mute. And. These. On both sides do you mean? So you can push either one. Okay. And this brings the menu up on the screen. This brings the menu up on the screen and the orange ones. Are. Okay. Prog- okay. Right very good. That looks that looks like something I could sell. Okay, and now I'm supposed to. Yeah. Yeah. Good point, because we need the symbols, 'cause we're going into an international market We can't have anything that's language dependent. Symbols on it,. Okay. For the snail, yeah We have the snail shell. He goes right back into his shell Well you know I think we could do something really funny with this too, because the snail is known to be slow. And we could have some sort of little comic effect on our marketing, about how this is a rapid snail or something like that You know that would that would really work. So. I think voice recognition is our big selling point 'cause nobody else seems to have that in in this price range. Yeah. Well I think that everybody is gonna say their remote control is practical. I think we have to we have to dwell on on on the appearance. You're really gonna have the best the. Cutest remote control on the block. So I think we have to play with the image, play with the snail image,. Play with the visual, and then the voice recognition I think those are the two things to push The look. And the voice recognition. And they're gonna be our two selling points. I'm supposed to make a little presentation, aren't I? Okay. But in my instructions I think it said I was supposed to go to the board and do something, no? Yeah, that's me. Sorry. That's right. Can you just fill it in in the yellow boxes? Or. I guess it's double curved. Rubber because we're gonna have the soft buttons. Okay, the button, okay. No. We didn't put the clock in it after all, right? S-. That's. Yeah. Kay I'll take my file down so you can bring it up. Kay, should be able to get it now. Okay, why don't you move just to the next slide right away? Yeah, right away. Okay, well, obviously my method for. The marketing of this thing is first to ask the big question, will it sell? And I think we should show this prototype. To people from various age and socio-economic groups and see about any fine-tuning. That maybe little things that we haven't thought of We can't accept every suggestion of course, but maybe we just need to get a few. And show the the prototype to consumer research groups who don't s- want somebody to suddenly come to us and tell us. That this button is toxic and, you know, some child will swallow it and then we won't sell any. So we have to get some input from those people. And then after that we just have to go with our best intuition and, you know, we like it, we think it's good, w- we're gonna get behind it and sell it. Next slide please. Okay Now the things that I. Was thinking and the my wish list has really been realised in this prototype. I wanted the shape to be biomorphic I didn't want anything with angles and all square I wanted it to be comfy and roundy, so we we've got that. Size is small, the colour is bright and warm, which is what we wanted. We wanted the feel to be as soft as possible, we'll have the soft buttons and the way this is shaped, even though it's gonna be hard plastic, it feels good in your hands, so that's nice. And functionality I put last on my list because people aren't gonna use it before they buy it. So paradoxically the other features, in other words. The look, the feel, and the shape. That's what people are gonna get in the store They don't have a television in the store They can't play with it. So they'll be our main selling points. So. Tho- those have been fulfilled by your prototype. And go ahead to the next slide please. Okay so. The shape I think. Is a one That's really really excellent shape. Size is. Small. And these points are and the importance for the for the marketing These aren't in how I feel. I think that it's I think that it's plenty small enough to sell, but I think we're sort of right the scale is one to seven, I think we're sort of right in the middle as far as other competitors. And our colour I think is great The colours are bright and warm and we really did a great job there. And. Given the constraints that we had, I think we got it as soft as possible. And then functionality, I think you did a really good job on functionality Obviously we could have added. Added different functions, but then we'd disturb something else So I would say that we got to a five out of seven on on functionality So I think that basically we've got a great product and we can get off and running with it. Yes. Well we had what eight eight Euros twenty as our cost? And so we've got we've still got four Euros to go to spend. Well that's. Well as we know in today's techno- technological world you can do just about anything at any price The the problem is quality. So we're just gonna have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us. And it may not be the greatest quality but it may sell anyway. As we've seen with so many of these kind of products. Well I isn't this my last slide, or. Go ahead I think that was my last slide, yeah. Okay. And I'm supposed to present this scale on the whiteboard. And we're supposed to talk about those things as a team now So if you put my last slide back up there. I'm sorry, I've. Gotta do that. Well because I can't remember what I put on there. 'Kay Now I'm supposed to see how long my leash is here. Okay. Alrighty. So. Now we're all supposed to say what we think. Okay so. On shape. I gave it a one. What what would you re- one being good and seven being the worst? What do you think the shape is? One, okay. And Be- Betsy? Okay, and. One. Okay, and how about on size? On size? I give it a four Yeah, I feel it's just average. Okay. Okay. Okay Here, the designer, of course you wanna give it a one. And then how about how we doing on colour? Colour, I gave it a one I really like all those nice bright warm colours. One? One, one, one, okay. And how about the feel? Taking into consideration texture and comfort in the hand. Okay, I give it a three Two Yeah. Three. Two, okay. And. The next is functionality. Where I I admit I was a little hard on our team here. But. Yeah. Okay. Two? Okay. Three? Okay. Well. It looks like we've got got ourselves a pretty good product. The functionality is the only place where maybe we. Have to think about m- maybe, Heaven forbid, having another meeting. But. Otherwise I think we're we're ready to go to go with this product. Anybody else have any other comments or any other things that you feel that we should evaluate?. Well then again if we're gonna. Do the speech. Recognition thing. We're gonna there gonna be some buttons that are gonna have to be added for that, for the recording of the the speech. So that that's where we're gonna have to. Maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons instead of having two mute buttons. And then. Maybe we can do something with the. The volume control Maybe we can put that all on one button. And a couple of other maybe comp-. Consolidate some of the usage and and see what we can do with that. No. I'm pretty happy with it too, yeah. Something I think I can market. Yeah. I think you've done a good job, Miss Leader. I th- I do too I think we worked well together as a team, yeah. Maybe we could've used the whiteboard a little bit more, yeah We didn't use that enough. And we used the slide because it was better positioned? I think that's true. I think we were we were very good, no? 'kay. Yes yes. Celebration. Today we have apple juice, and after we sell m- a million of 'em we have champagne. Okay. Okay. Watch I I have my cord behind you. Yeah. The final meeting at any time, yeah, whenever we felt we were finished. Get my microphone now from my necklace. There we go.
slot2: Designer. Yeah, yeah. Does the lookalike the button part I'll explain Yeah. In a snail shape. Okay Now the. We decided upon including certain features in our remote. One one. Kay. 'kay. It's. Yes, the buttons are all raised, right? Raised. Or have two hands to open it, yeah. Yes, and it sort of sticks up so that you really you don't have to first go like, yeah, here it's on and yeah,. If you're left-handed or right-handed, it doesn't matter. I have one question. Will there be anything written on the buttons? Like that people know or they have to learn that from a piece of paper which button does what? Will have symbols so that that that the user really knows, you know, and doesn't have to first learn it. Yeah. But anyway, it would - i- i- it has to have some kind of of symbols, text or something so that people no-. That's right. Okay Yeah, just wanna make sure of that. Now what what are our special features for the marketing that's really the voice recognition that's really unusual. And then and then the other thing would basically be sh- shape or practicality of use. You know. Colors. Cutest. Yes. Okay Now having said that. No now this was a evaluation criteria which we just have done Now we're gonna. Talk about financing. Well there's a production evaluation Is that you? But that's after the financing. See? See? Okay, we had looks and voice recognition. Okay now on the financing we bring up the. There it is. Okay. Energy source we say that's. Battery, right? Okay, now. So we. I guess we use one. What? The seller chart you were trying to change is projected Well that's nice. She told me I could just change it here and then it would. It doesn't work. Okay, yeah, okay, let's see. Okay, one. Okay. I'll go away. Kinetic source, so that's in the energy source that's all we need. Electronic, simple chip on print, is that what we're using? One of those? Come on. Okay, one. Regular chip on print, no. That's all we need, the one. Case, uncurved, flat, single curved, double curved. Double curved. One of those. Case materials supplements, plastic we said, right? Wood, rubber? But yes, but. That's just for the case material So, special colour, so we having that, right? And. Then we have the interface push-buttons. Scroll-wheel, no Integrated scroll-wheel L_C_ display. Button. No. Button supplements, special colour. Special form. And special material, rubber, wood, yes. Okay. Total seven point six, whatever that means. That's the price. Eight eight point two. Eight point two, right? So we looks like we are. Well within budget. Okay. Guess I should save this, I suppose,? Oops. I just tried that. My documents computer, my compu- here it is, yes. Okay, fine. Safe. Okay good, so that's the good news. We're gonna be popular. So that I think financing was pretty simple. Now we would like to have a presentation by the Marketing Expert on production evaluation. You wanna go to the next slide? Okay. I just realised one thing In the financing there was no room. For our voice recognizer. And I don't know how we can evaluate that or how we can include that. Eight eight twenty, yes. I mean maximum we have another four point three Euros, I mean four thirty. But I mean we have no way of presenting that to management. As, you know, as a finished as a finished product and saying okay we. So we just have to. Beware of that I mean and. Know whether the four thirty will really cover that. Yeah. I'm sorry to interrupt there, but I just recog- I just remembered that there was no. That that was not included that there was no room for any special features. Okay. So, d- beware of that. You wanna go to this next slide, Marketing Expert? I dunno. Yes, it is. Why w-. I think you can make it there. One. Yes, I think a shape is one. You you gave it a four. I dunno. I think I would give you at least a two. One. Colour, I'm. One. I I like the colours One. I think I will give it a two. Well it's also you can't really try it out the other things you have more it are more tangible so from that point of view but. I'll give it a three. Here is what we're looking at, satisfaction on for example room for a creativity. Is there more room for creativity or are we absolutely happy? Al- always bearing in mind that right now we are of course well within the budget and that we still you know we probably can't. With this particular item we probably can't just. Add a whole lot of more things. We need. You know we need to leave space money-wise for the voice recogniser. So the the question really is how do we feel with the project process. Are we happy with the creativity that has. Passed here, or we are not happy. With the new product we created, or that was created? I think personally I think I'm pretty happy. And. And then the next question is, are we happy with the leadership of this project? And. I think teamwork I think was very very good I think we really we worked. And I think we h-. Are we happy with the means we used? We used white. Word We didn't use digital p- well digital pens I guess are these things. Yes, we could it's maybe not in the best position in the room. You know, like sometimes it's positioned so that it's much better visible for everybody. And I think from that point of view we b- sort of ignored it a little bit. Yes, I think so I think absolutely, and fortunately we all had slides presentation, which made it a lot easier. Did we new did we find new ideas? I think we did. I think we we did in more than one respect, and. So I think we did very well here. The costs within budget, yes yes, is the project evaluated? Yes. Then celebration. So I I thank you all very much, I think this was very good and. I think we did come up with a new product that's feasible,. Feasible from the production point of view and feasible from a marketing point of view. So. Thank you Thank you very much. Oops. I always get it on, but getting it off is. But we don't have time.
slot3: Yeah. Yeah.  Definitely. Yeah. And also. Yeah we can. So that we can have on the case itself, we c- it will be printed on the case and the symbols on it. Yeah. Yeah, so it will. Yeah. No, it's okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yeah. No. This is. Yeah. Yeah. I think that is. For rubber there is a yeah, okay, okay. No. Yeah. I think that's that price there. You jus- just. Yeah me too exactly.. Okay. I guess. 'kay. Yeah. Eight twenty, so we have a. Four euros, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's. Yeah, that's. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. She might Yeah, shape is one. Yeah, you and I think it is one. Quite small. S- yeah, one. Maybe two. Yeah. Two. Three. Maybe we can. Yeah, include some more buttons and the. Yeah, features We can make the buttons, few buttons smaller. I think they are quite big. So I think I mean we we can just have small buttons and more buttons in that case. If we want to have. More features in that. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, that's just Yeah, to three, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Thank you.